dataset;session;speaker;utterance
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Okay, should I go through this part of it?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm, yes. 'Cause it was so good material, but we-
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Oh very good. Maybe if you wanna come over here. You can see the small fine details.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Okay. (laugther) Show us.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;So yesterday we went from this side, which is kind of this eh innovation matrix, which is really good to use.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;I think it is very good.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"Also it will also tell us where are we and where can we go, where should we go, and it's- I think we also look at- maybe these are our to do's when we come back. What is our challenges and what is our to do's. And the cool thing about this is of course that eh we can come together, for example with the ACCESSORIES DEPARTMENT management team and stuff like this. We can say ""this is where we feel we are, where do you feel we are?"" and they can- both that we can have a joint understanding and then, this is where we want to go."
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Yes.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;This is eh what's the- what's the risks of doing this? What is the benefits and so on and so on.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;"And ""do we have the budget for it?"""
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah. (laughter) Or can we afford not to have the budget for it.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Abby;But I guess it's als'- I'm thinking first it's about identifying where they are, and then I guess it's- I mean, I guess all the products shouldn't be on the-
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;No no.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Abby;It's not about moving all of them.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"No no no no this is just to see kind of where this is like, okay, we have existing customers here, then what will be the products and so on and so on, so this is not so much about innovating within this, it's just like how can we place the different- where do we need (any things?) and what we- can we take. Okay, then we have this one, which is kind of we're working with it, it's not like in a perfect shape, but is eh different- what is the insights that leads to opportunity areas and what are- these opportunity areas have different communications, and what is the product and service? And which sales channels make sense to push it. And then you have this part here, which is- it started out, maybe it's a little difficult to see it now, but it started out that we are trying to make some sort of (.) ah we can say framework for how (.) the Chinese mindset is. One way of seeing, where on one side we have this pockets of enjoyment, and where on the other side we have this one which is called ""me as a role model"". And this is kind of where we stopped yesterday to try to understand what this is. And in the middle we have ""my comfort zone"". And you have different bubbles of engagements here, and some of these, eh you can use this one, like pockets of enjoyment can be used for some type of story and communication of products and ""my- me as a role model"" could be something else. But there's also a- we feel there might be some sort of circle here as well, like you go over here, you create something here that has effect here. And ehm we feel that the- kind of the health part and the good life part is the basis of this. It's kind of what we know already with the ""health as- (to your neighbour?)"". Eh then up here, this is where we- what we didn't talk about yesterday and that is the different states- stages, or did we talk about this one? Or you wanna-"
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Very fast.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Real'- yeah, very fast. You want a recap of what we were talking about?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Don't you want him- to pull him up there dubi-dubi-doo? (laughter)
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"Yeah that's true. Yeah so, this is the different stages of our customers in China. It could be used anywhere, but this- we're talking about China right now. And we have currently identified kind of four stages, with- the first one is basically the very practical stage which is right now it's like ""I need a head rest. I need af floor mat. I need a car. Just take me from A to B."" It's really difficult to do anything with these people."
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"But, we need them to at least get to this stage here, which is kind of the explorer stage, the one to one where they are seeking information, and they are- they want to know and explore if- how THE COMPANY fit into their lives. And eh that's- this is a good place, 'cause now okay, they're entering the THE COMPANY-world, now we need to be ready with really quality relevant products and services and storytelling so they say ""wow, this is interesting stuff"". You know, ""show me more. What is this?"" Eh and this is where a lot of people fall of because we don't have interesting story, we don't have interesting stuff, they don't understand it, and so on. They go to some- they test out different things until they find something that is useful. And typically that is not ehm THE COMPANY-stuff. But of course this is also where we see an effect, because (.) eh with lowering prices. We will sell more because it is cheaper, but not because we have a stronger brand or anything. It's relevant because it's cheap. Which is not kind of the THE COMPANY value we want to (.) to push. Then we have this line going here, and this is- when I- over at his this stage, we really start talking about okay, this is going where we wanna go. 'Cause this is ""I want THE COMPANY to help me broadcast my values"". THE COMPANY has a value set that they can put on like a pair of pants, and they can walk around in those THE COMPANY-pants and it tells the rest a little bit who they are and what THE COMPANY- what THE COMPANY-PRODUCTS they represent (laughs), what values they represent. And this is them kind of emitting out something, so this is the express- they have used THE COMPANY to express themself. And we typically in our research, both in CHINESE CITY FROM PHASE 1 and in eh CHINESE CITY, before and everything, we meet a lot of these people 'cause when we screen people, we want the car enthusiasts, right? So we talk to these people and they are kind of lead users within THE COMPANY. But, they are probably not necessarily the masses of who buys THE COMPANY. So, the masses is probably somewhere inbetween here. And then you have the top part here, which is like ""I am THE COMPANY"". And this is kind of the Yen-type. We call it the Yen-state, where you are u'- you are kind of embodying THE COMPANY and you are- are totally aligned with that. And THE COMPANY, you're kind of- it's kind of flipped where these need THE COMPANY and we need these guys, to tell the story. And if we are focused and deep and narrow, we can really talk to these people and start building our brand from that little seed outwards. This is why we should have one or two hero-products that appeals to these people. And when we talk about hero-products it's not about price or we gonna have a campaign here or anything. It is about oh, this is super relevant, it makes perfect sense for these guys, let's create the- those. And this is when many people is- opposite of this, this is when many people look- come to this person for inspiration, as a role model and so on, so that lives kind of over here, in the role model part. That's kind of empower. So, this is the customer side, where this is maybe more the product side of it, where does it exist. This is kind of the (.) the customer side of it. So these two areas here is very interesting. How can we focus here to conquest these people? These people already probably have a THE COMPANY-PRODUCT, so it wouldn't be acquiring new people, it would be just like keeping them, which is important of course, but we wanna be in conquest, we wanna grow."
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;And also eh they have a THE COMPANY-PRODUCT, but eh we want them to buy accessories.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah, yeah.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Which they don't today.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah, which they don't today. But you can say that if we can get them (.) if we can get more people, they- like these are already a little bit on board,
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"But it would be amazing to start growing in a way. Ehm. Yes, so that was kind of the current (.) current state of what this is. Eh, we made this analogy around tea, where you have eh (.) where you have the first level here. It's very practical, eh. So that is like ""I drink tea because I'm thirsty"", one to one. Thirsty? You drink tea. It doesn't really matter which tea or whatever. Then you have this one, it's like ""oh. I'm eh finding out what kind of tea is my favorite"", and for- for like different occasion ""ah, this tea it's like in the morning it's like oolong, it's like strong, it wakes me up. In the evenings I like camomile tea, it's like- yeah"". So they're starting to become a little aware of what's around and so on. And then you come over to this stage like, ""that's my friend"" so you communicate outwards. ""My friends know eh more about me eh and who I am because they have seen my tea collection, my specialized tea collection, I have some tea equipment"" and stuff like that. Eh and then you have this part, and that is like, yeah, many to one. Where this is a role model, so ""people come to me 'cause they, you know, eh I know so much about tea, and how to use it and the subtle differences between this tea and this tea"", and they can even hold a little tea ceremony in their house, eh, and so that is kind of the- the analogy of what is- this is."
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"And here it's kind of a (.) what we come to realize all the time is that it's so cool that we are within the accessory bubble, because accessory makes people able to sample the THE COMPANY values, without making the full commitment of having a car for example. Eh and that's kind of cool, like buying a car is a huge deal, and in China for sure because it's not only about the practicalities it's also about ""what does this communicate about me?"" So through good and relevant accessories we can start building the brand without- we can get people on board (.) kind of if we can get people from here to here faster. And we used- and this is kind of a template we have used, and probably we will take this farth'- further, which have different- like, this is the insight, this is the story and quote, value position, it's a little bit like this, but like more in a package. And one of the things that we talked about here is like a scenario, eh, for doing this, could for example be okay, so there's a Mercedes guy, or like this is an example for a conquest, a conquest within accessory. There's a Mercedes guy, who has a friend over in his car, and he has both a THE COMPANY or a THE COMPANY approved eh air purifier. And the friend kind of asks ""wow, I thought you were like a Mercedes guy, you always had a Mercedes?"" Eh and then the guy says ""yes, I am a Mercedes guy, but above that I am a person that is committed to eh to really get, you know the right quality and this air purifier is made in eh- by like sustainable material and it is really really good"". So they are then using THE COMPANY as a way to brand themself. And it's even a little controversial. And you- we might not have made this air purifier, but we have approved it, or we have done this kind of cross over, where we have associated us with another brand and we are using their ways- eh their kind of trust, in a way, and they are using our trust. And that would be amazing, like, having a THE COMPANY accessory in another brand as, not necessarily because it is the best air purifier, but because it's- it is really good and it states something about them."
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;Right.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;And this is of course a dream scenario, there's several scenarios above- or sorry, below this, but this could be a cool thing to try to push, and this is the hero-product for example.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Ehm, yeah. And that's kind of where we are here. And you can say there's many risks about- this is the crazy one of course, but it's many risks about for example doing cross over products. We can really dilute the brand if we do it wrong, but we can really (.) really get new conquests if we do it right.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah. So that's kind of where we are. (..) Alright. That was a- you got the replay of what I- did it sound like it did a couple of days ago? Do you want to add something?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Amanda;Any thoughts, you guys, after hearing all this?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;It- yeah, it really makes sense if we can- if we can reach these, but eh (.) of course- that example, of course we (.) probably need to be- put some kind of added value to the THE COMPANY and some kind of integration, so maybe that's- that dream is maybe tricky.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah I think we need to be allowed to dream like this. And I- I actually think it's possible. But it is about dedication.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;You can- if you have-
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;But, still if you can spread that, we have something that is so unique and really ma'- like, making my life so much better, of course that will spread to your colle'- your friends and so on, but-
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah, s'-
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;But it can be about like the toxic material that we are not having in our stuff.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah, so-
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;It can be.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah, and it should-
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;For- for example.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;And remember in the world of- that everything can be copied, we cannot- we cannot (.) it's not about the material, no sorry, it's not about like, how cheap it is, or how it looks like, 'cause that can really be copied. It needs to be the values that it embodies. That cannot be copied.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Or it's really difficult to do it at least. Everyone can make a really good air purifier.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;But can you make a good air purifier that is respresenting your value set?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;Yeah.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;And that's why we need to- we need to push the values story, and have good products supporting that. That is connected to, you know, the authenticity to the source, you really need to connect it back into how it work and the sustainability part of it. But even sustainability can be copied, like (.) another company comes along and they also are making environmentally friendly stuff. Then we need to have a level above that, and that has to do with company culture and everything, so everything needs to- to really be genuine.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Anymore- yeah?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;So I think it's very good- definitely it's a very good way to make a mapping of the current situation. And even with that kind of action this- this huge gap, what we are putting up here as well.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;"But it's very good to have that picture and how- ""where are we today?"""
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;"Eh ""what kind of actions is done?"" and eh."
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;What do you guys thinks- think are the biggest challenges for pushing something like this? For this is a (.) this is a way to try to move away, or at least add much more (.) intangible value, to our products, and not every product can be implemented here. We need to make a pretty hefty deselection of stuff we have.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;I think the biggest challenge is that eh that China-org is really into lowering the price, period.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Mhm?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;And they need to eh higher the sales (.) eh peak, so they need actions now. They're doing stuff now, so they're doing these eh actions now. And then to eh go (.) they should do it as well, of course, but they should not do something that goes against what we are doing, so we need to really be aligned and get all the departments needed, for instance communication.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Mhm?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;And I think we have the finance guy, we met eh Anthony, it's a SCANDINAVIAN guy, who is not about lowering the price, but who is really to find the value for money. And also Mark, the vice president we met yesterday, of accessories, he's also there, value for money, not only lowering the prices. But they are working all so hard to get the trust from the dealers to the THE COMPANY accessories.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Mhm. So they're not even on customer level. They're on dealer level.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;They are to get the trust from the dealers.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;Really, the biggest challenge is really on the product side, to have that, something that you build up from. And then you have all these kind of ingredients about the communication, about the storytelling, but with the current program, like child seat, of course [you can do some in this, but (.)]
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;[Kind of portfolio, yeah].
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;Of course we need to have products really to- to- our new products, also the (.) that goes into this area as well. So, it's a two way. It's a short term eh action needed, but it's also on the long term.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Yeah. And there is eh-
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;For planning, and what's it about? What kind of our- what is our coming products, or area of products that we need to come in to that one. And we are looking in quite lot of in to the software area as well. Eh look in to that. So that maybe one of there that we need to expand as well.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;And this is of course where this thing comes ind, and we need to map those things, because we have something on the market, there will be something coming and we- of course in a different colours or whatever is there, what will be coming, but (.)
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;"And we have a big challenge with the dealers, 'cause the dealers are often in a big group with different brands, and there is a owner of this big group, and then the big eh big boss here says ""you don't sell THE COMPANY accessories, you sell these that we have agreed eh to do within the different brands"", so then they get one message from there, and one message from THE COMPANY and they have told the THE COMPANY China-org ""we are not allowed to sell your accessories""."
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;So, I understand it-
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;So that is also a challenge to (.) how to cope with.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;So, just to- this is maybe a wild, wild thinking. (..) And that is, is it our responsibility or can we take on that responsibility with the dealers? I mean, we're a very small group here, we don't have (.)
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;No no. You asked about challenges in the China-org, and that is something that they are kind of working with.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah, I understand.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;But then we come from something else, but we need to be aware of that this is boiling in the China-org, that we are supposed to get on board.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah yeah.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;It's more like that.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah, it's just- I think it's important that we keep our focus eh customer- customer centered focus.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Absolutely.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;Yeah, exactly.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;And there's no doubt that dealership is a huge deal, CHINESE CITY is a huge thing like eh misalignment within China-org in itself.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm. But they are kind of (.) the challenge here might be that they are as- from top it has always been dealers dealers dealers dealers dealers dealers period, so they're doing it alright kind of focusing to get the dealers trust, of course, but, our challenge is to maybe not have all the focus on the dealers. And then we come from other part and make them realize about the rest.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;I think our wild theory is that it's- all the focus has been on the dealer dealer dealer, this is why we're here.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"You know, we haven't- (laughs) we haven't thought about ""what happens after dealer?"""
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Okay let's say the dealer is perfect. Do we have a relevant product?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;And it's all- the dealers are there, but dealers in itself has zero value. The customers that purchase from the dealer is the value. And it's- but it's so easy to deal with the dealers, because they are there, you can go there, you can talk to them. Customers are so kind of liquid. That's kind of what-
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;And as much as it is a challenge, it is also our strength. 'Cause we see it from another angle, that's the- people hasn't thought of before. And if we can explain it also like, put it, like structured way, so people understand, then they can kind of align with us easier.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;I think what you're saying right now should be written down on a post-it, because it's basically- that is (.) that is the value that this project will bring. Right there you kind of embodied it.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"We will not come with that brand- ""this is the accessory, the cup holder that is also an ash tray"". It will not be that thing. It will be what you said right now. ""Look at this structure. Look at how you can see the products and the services and the story, and this is where the dealerships fits in, this is where the customer fits in, this is our gift. This is the value."" And, you know the more we can communicate that part, the better."
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Yeah.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"And, especially within THE COMPANY it's (.) we have been burned so many times by coming with a suggestion- ""this is an example of how it could be"", and people see that example like ""okay, we gotta make that. This is how it is"". So instead of looking at these frameworks, they're looking at the little example we come with. And then they totally say ""yeah but I don't like it blue"". Like ""no. Don't like look at the colour. Look at how these things are working together""."
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Mhm.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Ehm. You- do you (.) do you think that that is (.) or how do you feel by that as a delivery? Like, that thing as a delivery?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Our customer focused? You, or?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Or like this- these (.) these frameworks, these ways of looking at how to approach the customer.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Hans;And to- to mapping the different eh, domain, yeah. (..) I think that's a good way.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;And I mean eh- yes, and it goes with the THE COMPANY values as well, as you care about the customer, it is the (.) the thing for THE COMPANY and a core value as well, and of course we should see it from the customer point of view. And we have known so little about China, but now we have learned so much about China and the Chinese customer, and that we need to give to the others. So I think it's eh really really good.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Mhm. David were you about to say something?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;And then it's not only about getting the dealers to trust our product. It is actually-
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;That's an entire other project.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Yes, it is.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;And it's running. And it's really good that it's running.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Yes, absolutely. But if we get the framework and we can really explain it as well, in a structured way so everybody can follow that hasn't been involved, then it will hopefully easily (.) be aligned as well.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;So, Tiffany and Hans eh let us just pass through some of the areas that we've been talking about, that we will bring home to eh to Europe. And we will evolve more and of course probably add something or move something, you know the- in CHINESE CITY FROM PHASE 1 we started the like eleven themes and then, you know, getting it outwards and stuff. And of course the point of this is to be narrow but deep. Eh wherein- when we went to CHINESE CITY FROM PHASE 1 it was more- we could allow ourselves to be a little wider and a little bit more (.) shallow. So, we have currently now divided it into (.) yeah, is it three four?
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Abby;Two.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Amanda;Two in one, three in- under each.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"Yeah. (..) Eh, so one of the things we started out with, and which is- kind of comes from the main theme, which is eh good life or enjoy life, is this what now is called ""pocket of enjoyment"". Eh where pocket represents time, and enjoyment represent choice. Your choice. Both of these things are positive, that you have time to make your- you have time, and in that time you can do the stuff you want to do. If you wanna do something boring or something whatever, it's totally fine. The point is that it's your choice to do it, instead of having to do a chore or having to work or having to do something you (INAUDIBLE). In that we have some sub-sections. And one of them (..) one of them being micro-pauses (.) which is kind of the very very small pockets. Then we have mini-pauses. Which is a little bigger. Then we have long haul which is the huge pockets of time. So this one here is for example you know ""I love sitting in the car watching the window wipers go left and right"". It's a very zen moment, it's a pocket, while waiting for a traffic light, maybe, or something like that. The beautiful experience in a way. Then we have mini-pauses, that is like ""now I take this curvy road because I like the cornering to make me feel- eh the-"" what is the- the cornering? ""To make me commute funnier"", yeah. So that adds some excitement. (laughter) Is that what it says?"
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Kenny;"It is. ""Funnier"". More fun. (laughter) It is a word!"
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah okay okay, it's fine.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Rose;To Kenny. (laughter)
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"And then you have long haul, which is like you know, (laughs) ""I brought these organic eggs from CHINESE CITY to CHINESE CITY FROM PHASE 1"". Like a- the long pocket."
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Kenny;I think also you could consider the three sub-things as not defined in time, but defined in what you're trying to achieve, where I think the micro-pauses are mostly about finding the relaxation or the zen moment. And the mini-pauses are the opposite way of trying to find enjoyment or the kick out of something, to try to convert something boring into something fun, to find the fun (.) funnier thing, in it. (laughs) And then long haul is of course (.) I guess, of course, that is probably combined with the time, because that is the long travel, so it of course requires some time. But at least micro-pauses and mini-pauses are a little bit the opposite of each eh other. And in terms of time yeah. Micro-pauses indicate small time but mini-pauses could be everything from one second to (.) half an hour commute or one hour commute or something like that.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Mhm. And these will create design spaces to us to innovate in. And it's also a good create- (.) eh storytelling possibility, to storytell around these moments. We very much believe that these people will recognize themself in this, this is of course why we depend on all the research.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Kenny;And then, another thing about the pockets of enjoyment, I think we see all this as a (.) as a global need. Everybody, no matter where you are, has this need, can relate to pockets of enjoyment, so it's just a matter of applying the right cultural backdrops, and you can adjust it or adapt it to different markets. So in that way it's quite generic, I think, and- and very easy to work with with different markets.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"Yeah, definitely. So this is of course connected to what we talked of many many times it's like, it is region specific, but it's also global, and that's kind of how we typically choose themes, right? We want to have something that could be global, but with adjustment. And then this one, which is called ""sexy commitment"", and we have had this from the very first week, actually, where ""sexy"" is kind of what you get back, and ""commitment"" is what you sacrifice. And this is connected to that (.) a lot of the Chinese people are not hundred percent embracing the thing that you know ""I should recycle or I should do the right thing, buy stuff that is eh ecological"" and stuff like that, because like not everyone is doing it, ""why should I do it"" and so on. But if we- and this is kind of also a little bit of THE COMPANY's issue sometimes with telling this story because it's not super sexy. Safety is not super sexy, prevention is not super sexy. But ""sexy commitment"" here means that (.) the statement of doing something, for example going- paying a little extra, or sorry eh recycling your trash for example (.) gets people to see who you are and what values you have, and that puts you in a higher position in society, so you sacrifice a little time here to get something back, be lifted up. Ehm, and we called it a little bit like the boomerang effect. It's not hundred percent a correct analogy, but you throw a boomerang out, which is your values, other people see that, and kind of attach some- some good stuff to that or some eh recognition to that, and the boomerang comes back to you and lifts you up and this cycle can continue. Ehm. And within that we have eh yeah, three different sub-sections, one is called ""the anchor"". Ehm and that is like the THE COMPANY-owner as an anchor and he creates stability for family and society, and this stability thing is of course an important thing in China. It's not everywhere again, but it's very much in China, and it's someone to rely on. That is a (.) you wanna be seen upon as this. There's also an, you know, an anchor, you can be an anchor yourself. You don't necessarily do it eh you can actually- ""I'm very stable, I'm doing this thing, it's the right thing"". The next one is the role model, and we have defined it as the role model. You cannot call yourself a role model. A role model is something you are elevated to. Through the actions you do. Ehm. And for example, eh Yen, which is a Tesla guy, he's a first mover, he kind of became a role model there. He was doing and taking action that people were aspiring to. And no one tells him what to choose, he just does it. Ehm and he gives advice- advises some and so on. Eh the last one here, I was actually doing something else when you came up with that."
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Kenny;"Yeah, it's more the- you can say- you can skate it, you can say that sexy- these are kind of telling the process of ""sexy commitment"" where the protector is more about you and your family, so- so before you do anything else, you need to feel safe yourself. So you'll care for yourself, protect yourself from pollution, make sure that you (.)"
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;[The water you drink, yeah].
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Kenny;[eat healthy food], that it's eh not poisonous, and all these kind of basic things that you need to care for yourself and your family. And before, or until you have reached that point where you feel comfortable and safe with that, then you'll not be able to- to have the surplus to care for other people, and be the anchor or be the role model. So that's kind of the basic or the bottom layer of it, and then the top point you might have the surplus to be the anchor, which is (.) I guess we want the anchor to be that person who sacrifices himself without expecting anything back, but I think, most people would probably expect something back, in one form or another form, and then the role model might be you could say the side effect of it, because I think you can't choose to be a role model. It's something that the audience chooses you to be. So, what you have to do first is to choose a value that you dedicate yourself to or commit to, and that's the sexy commitment. You commit to this thing regardless, and hopefully you'll get something back, but maybe not. But maybe you get something back and that would be the status of being a role model.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"Mhm mhm. Eh yeah. And then over here (.) let's see what this- yeah, I guess (.) then we have this which is more the communication part of it, how can we augment this thing to communicate it right, and one eh (.) and this is (.) it's not something new, but it's something that we haven't had that much focus on before, and it's like part of the cultural backdrop, I guess, but it's like one plus one hundred thousand, which is the whole progress together and (.) me and- or we had a good discussion with Will here, in regards to knowing the- in Scandinavia or in the Western world, the- an individual is really important, and if you're influenced by others you're typically seen upon as weak. ""Ah, you're just like a straw in the wind, like whatever else people are doing"". It's a bad thing. Where here it is almost the opposite. Eh you know you have to take care, what do the other people around you think? Then you become eh something greater. If you're an individual you just go your own way, then it's like ""oh, he doesn't (.) he doe'- he's not responsible"". Ehm, so this is the progress together part of it which is important sub-section here, and then we have the eh example of Adidas and Nike, the two very different ways of approaching China, where Nike is very individual, Adidas is very much about the athlete being lifted up by all the people. Eh then we have this one which is connected a little bit to what you talked about Rose in regards to the R&D- eh Mercedes R&D side, and that is like you know we are in China, it's made for China, in China and we're proud about it, so all across China no (fear?), all pride. Eh and we for sure know that starting that right now, saying it right now may be a little too early, but of course we will move in to a time where this is very very important. We see it a little bit already, eh we just need to be ready for it, and especially in a slow moving organization as THE COMPANY. We could totally be run over by this. Then again, it's not- yeah. You know, made in China, for China, designed in China, all of that thing is stuff that we can be proud of. It doesn't have to- it doesn't have to discard our SCANDINAVIAN heritage to be part of this, it will co-exist in a beautiful way. And eh that is of course (.) a lot where the eh the corporate culture and stuff come in. We really- and this is what we talked about so many times, should we have this, we just need to communicate it to THE COMPANY. We have authenticity to the- to the source, and we're not making stuff just to show off, it's for real, all of this stuff is so important to get out there in the storytelling. Eh and the smart living, I wasn't part of that. How do you connect this one? Do you remember?"
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Amanda;I think the technology not for the sake of technology.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Ah yeah. Technology not for the sake of technology.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Kenny;I think it's not connected to the authenticity. It's just in its own sake.
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"Okay, yeah. Eh then in the end here, we have this brand building and awareness, so. Connected to the old theme which we called edge. That is like how can we be (.) how can we dare to look beyond traditional dealerships, and beyond the traditional stuff we've been doing for years, more of the same same same same. How can we do cross over eh collaborations and products and services and so on, be much more upon (.) eh progressive with our way of communicating the brand. Ehm I think that is also very much needed in China, to be (.) to make a statement. Especially THE COMPANY which is kind of (.) we are understated, but how can we make a loud understatedness. We call it many names, we have it (.) I think we called it eh ""awesomely humble"", ""unspoken superiority"", ""cloaked extravaganza"" and so on, and of course the one thing that hadn't used is ""Scandinavian luxury"" that didn't work so well, but still (.) something. That was a quick sum up. Anything else we should sum up here? No. This is the stuff we are mainly gonna focus on when it comes to content we take out of this, that will (.) we will populate all of these things with like the frameworks and the framework over here and stuff like that, this is stuff that we use in this. Ehm and eh our way forward will be to continue to refine that, and continue to find these areas, we will eh extract portfolio opportunities from this, and exemplify them. Eh we will never reach a level where we can like ""oh, this is how it should definitely look"", but we will-"
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Amanda;What?!
dtrs-11;20-recap-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"Yeah, we will eh- nice, nice (laughs) we will definitely come to an area where (.) through our exemplification we can understand this better. And eh and it will all be put into a system. And then of course the meta-layer which is ""now we will make you understand it"" like, not- whoever is just- they'll call us, ""you understand and you will take ownership of it"". So, yeah, that's- that's the state of where we are right now. (..) Yes. Our- we come- when we come home to Europe, eh I think our work will be to continue to refine it. We need to get that to a state where it's actually it's just, it can kind of stand on its own. In the good old sense, if you have three more days we would- you could have made it happen here, but of course we don't, so we have to do that in Europe, but that will happen. Eh when we have that, and we can probably parallel start working on that stuff and for sure, your work will help us in for this as well, of course. We need to cater it to our stakeholders so (.) the more information we get from you, the more we can customize this for- to communicate to the stakeholders in the right way, and so on and so on. So the time ahead will be (.) hard work of course, but also should be heavily integrated. And I think the good news is that both David and Nina seems to be fairly eh aligned with what you're thinking, and they are of course down in SCANDINAVIAN CITY with us. So our secret dream of having you as bridges seems to be paying off, hopefully. So we hope- we hope that work can continue, and you- you can feed each other, and then you guys can feed us. Not that we should be disconnected, but then at least we will- we will still be connected with you, but then we at least can create this triangle of eh of communication."
