dataset;session;speaker;utterance
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"So what has happened until now. We have had eh Nina arrive, eh Amy, Rose and Will, and we had three days of prepping, and then eh Abby and eh Nina and David arrived, and we prepped for another, one day, we had a session, meeting these beautiful people (..) (INAUDIBLE) which is eh 5, 10, 15-minutes from here, ideally, eh and you can see this picture is in the end. Everyone created their own animal which is based on two animals they chose they combined into one, and then they told a story why they chose those animals to kind of reflect who they are, this was of course to avoid them saying ""I'm a CEO"", and ""I'm a housewife"" and so on. They really enjoyed this exercise and they had amazing answers and amazing abilities to eh do creative work, that was kind of one of our biggest learnings, like, holy shit we should have ramped up that thing. We learned a lot in the first exercise. I think that one of the biggest learnings were that we are very much on track with our thinking, which is really great to confirm. You can say, oh maybe we wish to learn some amazing new stuff, but eh in the sense of what's good and bad, if we are not tr- we have not seen the tendencies of what we saw in CHINESE CITY and CHINESE CITY and so on, we would have kind of get trouble. But we saw it, and it came out in a little bit different way, but it definitely make sense what we are doing, which is really good."
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"So, what we did eh this day was basically to- to try to drill deeper into an area we call ""good life"", which encompasses health, and good life, and body and mind and so on (..) safety and security, everything into one package. We were dividing into groups with two translators in this room and we populated the room as this room, as kind of a active design room.So they knew that there wasn't any finished product or anything, we didn't reveal that we were from THE COMPANY eh we got to talk about a lot of interesting stuff, so we'll talk more about this later. Eh on eh monday, we will have this session, which is co-creation part 2, which will be a much more, you can say active session when it comes to them to kind of produce something. First session was more them we were defining something, now its producing something."
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"Ehh this is just for them to put their mobilephone into sleep, in their mobilephone hotel, which is a box, and eh and eh it's gonna flip through the day here, we gonna start the day, this has not been translated yet, we are gonna have a recap of the day on monday, what's gonna- what has happened, and then we have some nice timelapse from you (pointing at David) and some images and stuff like that. Then eh we're going to introduce, we can maybe use this one, this is the flow of the day, we gonna- we introduce a condensed theme eh which we have currently called ""freedom, enjoy life, me time"", it's that- the theme we wanna start with. Then we're gonna have exercise 1, which is for them to form a company, two groups will then form one company each. And of course that's an anology for (.) themselves, but also how they would like to sell and communicate stuff."
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"Exercise number 2 is for them to ehm create the company,  oh maybe that's exercise one, create company values, right? That actually is exercise 1, so they form a company, then they create company values. They can choose any role they want, looking into themselves, but they need to have ""status symbol"" in there, that's gonna be one of the main values, that the company is gonna encompass, and ""health, well-being, body and mind"", needs to be another. Then they can choose other stuff also that keeps them excited, and of course we really want (.) stuff that makes them excited at least, and eh some stuff that makes an appeal to them. Then we gonna have lunch, which you just ordered, and eh then we gonna have exercise 2 continued, and this is when we eh sorry, inbetween here, they're gonna introduce the company to the other companies and quick share back on that."
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Then we start on kind of the real stuff, which is that they will create two products that the company- or hero-products, one compa- one product each that the company will kind of push forward. That's gonna be their hero-product. And that we don't know what is yet, could be anything, and that is something that, it could be a service, could be a domestic robot, i don't know, it really doesn't matter for us what the product is, because what we'll wanna know is, how do they make decisions?, what is important to them? how do they think?, how do they discuss this?, what stories do they pull up?, what stuff do they disregard?, that's what we need and the product that they choose, if it's a frying pan, or a domestic robot, or eh like a food delivery service, doesn't really matter, we will remove that and input our own thing when they come back and continue this work. But then we have a really good understanding of, you know, how they get from A to B, and the decision-making process they do.
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Ehh and we gonna have a break, eh it's gonna be pretty intense, so well, we need a break, then we gonna have a review of that exercise eh which, if you can remind me of that review together- oh sorry yeah, then eh as we move along we this, so they of course have the company profile and they have their own needs, but we have some modifiers that we are gonna probe into with them, so for example they made a domestic robot, and then we can ask the, you know, how can you- or how is safety and security represented within this product. Eh and you gonna do it in a smart way, we're gonna like have like a mobile phone, or whatever that is gonna ring, like oh, we just got a call form our investor abroad, they really need to incorporate safety and security in your product, you need to do that now. And then they do it, and they discuss what is (to go?), what is to happen to encompass that. Then we (INAUDIBLE) we can continue probing kind of shaking the cage a little bit, every time they have build something, to kind of force them to rethink what it is, and suddenly the product maybe become unattractive to them, and then we know, okay so  we know that, that we can't play on that thing, or we have to play this way to make it- to make it attractive.
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;"So we have all these, and maybe the one- the most interesting one is ""sexy commitment"", and sexy commitment, oh, is not what yu think it is (everybody's laughing)"
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Kenny;You sure?
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah. I was also disappointed (.) I was also disappointed
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Eh sexy commitment is basically THE COMPANY's challenge, you know we are a safe brand, it's about caring, it's not particularly sexy, we need to find a way to make the commitment we make eh- making that st- mm- make them stand out, and you know, we are committed, I have so much surplus and so much awareness, that i take responsibility beyond myself, beyond my family. That is our sexy commitment as of right now, we are gonna call it somehing else, but eh, we gonna probe in to make sure that eh the decision-making they do, is we understand that as much a possible, and really get the direction they wanna go in. Then we have the review, and eh just remind, is the review with the other team or is it just internally?
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Amanda;Us going to probe each team
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah yeah, so that is us, kind of- then they're kind of more or less finished with each of the products, and the we gonna be there, and we gonna review- we gonna ask some questions, kind of being some investors or something. Is it like the- (INAUDIBLE) we can do some kind of- then they, hopefully the products is (..) is- they have verbalized enough and thought of much- so much about it, that they're able to kind of tackle different things that we gonna ask them, and this is to- to make sure that it's strong, that it doesn't collapse as if we just blow on it (INAUDIBLE). Then we gonna have a pitch and shareback, and that's kind of closing in on the very end, so then they go from- we have of all these ideas and that we have templates that they're gonna fill out, so big (.) amount of information about the product, maybe a drawing, eh why they're excited about it, where they heard about it, where theyre gonna be selling it, and so on, why they gonna brag, and so on, and they are gonna condense this into a pitch, which is much shorter, and that's gonna be interesting, what do they pick from these 15 things they have here, that I really like. They need to pick some of them, so what is the very very target that (INAUDIBLE), that they're gonna push forward. Theyøre gonna pitch that to the other company, which is like company red, company blue, they're gonna pitch to each other, and then we gonna have a shareback in regards to that. And in the last minutes of this shareback we gonna say, okay, we just got a call from THE COMPANY, they don't know we're THE COMPANY yet, and our (INAUDIBLE), and we got a call from THE COMPANY, they are very very interested in buying your company, but eh they the product that you just made, to fit into their company value. And we're not gonna say anything about what THE COMPANY's values are, we are gonna use what they feel it is, and then we gonna have a talk about what are this, and how they can change their product into fit into THE COMPANY. And again, this could be a frying pan and a robot, but that again not what we interested in, we're interested in how they change their story-telling to fit and then still keep it exciting. When that is done, we wrap up by giving them all the beautiful cars that we got from eh form eh Ben, and we say thank you, and goodnight and they leave, and then we have a classic de-brief, with us in the team of course and eh we go home and the we continue the three nu-eh- days, the two days, three days of-
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Hans;And that's completely new people, (that never been here before?)
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah, so seven of them are the same. So it's all of these plus two new, and we are changing up the groups completely, so the people that were in groups before, these guys and these guys, will not be mixed again, and now we know them a little better so now we can kind of design the teams more. And I'm assuming that each new person come (INAUDIBLE) each different team. And eh yeah. That's the plan. And we took of course- this is the process, it took some time to get there, but I think we're all very con- are pretty confident around, yes, this is the right setup. And eh i'm very excited
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Yeah it sounds really good
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Nina;Yeah it sounds really good
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Hans;It sounds very good, and you tried it out (INAUDIBLE) you had the run before, in the beginning?
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Eh yeah, so this is that session, we had the first session
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Hans;Yeah
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;That was a different setup. Eh it was the same people but that was, you know, we were here, they came here for the first time, we needed to verify that what we have learned in CHINESE CITY is still relevant.
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Hans;Ah okay
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;We couldn't go straight into this, that was- can you remember in CHINESE CITY, health and eh status symbol, and stuff like that, was just one of many many themes we found. We just scratched the surface of that was, so we used the entire first session to verify and dig deeper into that specific theme. We could have chosen control or controlable, or (INAUDIBLE) or whatever, but all of them are just scrathing in the surface, so we used the first session to really, is it true?, yes, let's go deeper. And that was when we found these other themes within the main theme. Eh yeah. So that's where we are.
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Good
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Hans;Sounds really- yeah
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah, we're super excited
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Makes sense
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah? Great.
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;And eh Tiffany you're gonna like this guy. This is John, he's a translator, american born, but eh, speak perfectly chinese and american, he's huge! (everybody's laughing)
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;So I like huge men? (everybody's laughing)
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;I've read your post's  (everybody's laughing)
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Alright, I think we'll keep it there and eh unless you have any questions. Or you probably have hundreds of questions but you gonna get eh a lot of time to- to ask them and- and they're gonna be answered, and you're gonna meet them some day.
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;Yeah
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Hans;The pro- they will continue evolving this, or maybe-
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah so they- of course, they don't know yet that they will produce a- a product or be a company. Eh they will know that in the beginning of this day, eh but we know them a little bit know, they know what the theme is about, they are verbalizing in their- in their minds, marinating the theme, and so- first (INAUDIBLE), verifying and probing into a specific area, (INAUDIBLE) taking those findings and materializing them, and understanding their decision-making process.
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Hans;And- and the impact from you, is for eh- only put in some disturbance into that, with the questions or- or-
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah so we are defining the theme, we are defining the setup, we're defining everything, and of course eh as moderators Will and  Rose of course, they will continuously keep  them in line, and we will continuously make sure that we are disrupting their process in a- in a positive way, you know, we want to make sure that they are not taking the easy way out. We want them to constantly be excited about what they are making, constantly telling us why it is appealing, why it is important, and so on, and so on.
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Tiffany;And it was easy to get them going like, in just-
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah yeah, more than we thought. We had a kind of scenario, where it was like, oh they don't gonna say anything , it's gonna be politically correctness all the time, but it turned out to be (.) many of them had, most of them actually had, eh a grat ability to expose themselves and join in. Of course we saw some political correctness, but that- that is how it is, that is how it is at home as well. Ehm yeah. And remember, this is (..)- what we learn in these two sessions is not the- the answer, this is a part of the puzzle, eh so when we come home we will take this, and we have really direction. And we will the evolve that further, and we know that we wil not end up with like, the product in the end. We will end up with a framework that will dictate eh a really good direction, and we will for sure have examplified something, but it's in the end among project- the process, but we hoped that yeah, this is the areas, this is how we should communicate that area of communication, areas of sales and area og product service. And this is a very good indicator from- we get it from the customer's mouth, right here.
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Hans;I'm a little bit curious about the, what do you say, the demographic of the respondents
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Hans;is that eh exactly the same as we had on CHINESE CITY?
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Yeah, and that was what we used this first session for, to make sure that we (see?), meet the right people, eh and they have the same value-set and they have the same, kind of, decision-making path. Eh and we've really f- think we've found the right people and of course we got it confirmed eh that we are within the demographic that is the latest from eh from eh MI (referring to a market survey with the purpose of positioning THE COMPANY among other competitors), which is good. These are young, progressive people
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Amanda;Active urbanized
dtrs-11;12-briefing-with-stakeholders;Ewan;Active urbanized, the same as we saw in CHINESE CITY. Of course there are some regional differences, probably, but not anything we can notice eh maybe you guys for sure noticed the dialect of course and maybe a thing here and there, but you know, they are at least the same people. Yeah.
