dataset;session;speaker;utterance
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"So, of course on our- actually explain this quite well, did you kind of get to this part of it?, like mmm, like where do you wanna be and stuff like that. And kind of these- this is our representation of what ""this"" is. We have different, you know, insight stories that links to different things, and it comes out here in different kind of opportunity packages of whatever where we go through collecting everything. Ehm. So what we wanted to say with this thing was that, okay was the different stages, maybe I can make you come over, if you want? What's the different states that you can be in, in the pursuit of embracing the brand. Ehm well ""this"" is the purely practical one, this is like a ""I'm aware"", so this is before knowing this ""aware"", this is more like yeah ""taking action"", and this i kind of ehm ""embodying the brand"". And we feel like most people in China or here, of course we- the people we talk to are typically a little bit ahead of the curve and stuff like that, so, but we typically see that more here, maybe even something- sometimes up there, but maybe the majority somewhere in between here. Ehm so we maybe or as of right now- this is of course (INAUDIBLE) focus. They want to explore they're open to exploring what THE COMPANY is. People that are here are kind of over this line, they are already in the pipe. So they are interested and then just need to be encouraged to co- to continue. We might see a link between finding these people that is in the Yen-state (Yen is a workshop participant whom the team was particularly excited about). Ehm but Yen-state for THE COMPANY of course, he was in for Tesla. Tesla has some unique capabilities there, but we  need to be narrow enough to- to engage Yen. And then he will hopefully be able to support kind of pulling these people over (INAUDIBLE). And and Yen being, we talked about that yesterday, kind of the wolf, this- you can't domesticate him so we need to make sure that we are really catering for him, so- so he won't turn and (INAUDIBLE) back-fire. That's of course our longer plan. Eh then talked a little bit about this, eh which is the kind of e- different states, we kind of explains this, so we used the anology of tea. Which is (INAUDIBLE) ""I drink tea, because im thirsty"". Very like practical. And this one is like ""I find out what my favorite tea is for certain  occasions for example in the morning, oolong, because it's strong it wakes my up. In the evening, camomile I gets relaxed and I feel the need to find the different flavors. This can of course be different portfolio lines, that we have. And then this one i like ""oh my friends know more about me, and what I am, 'cause you know, they've seen my tea collection I have som specialized equipment"" (INAUDIBLE) starting to express. And then this one like ""yo people come to me becuase i REALLY know all about tea, and it's I know a lot of tea, i know how to make it, and the subtle differences. And eh they can even have a tea ceremony in their house and (.) really kind of be in the role model."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Will;And knowing like the social contacts, history, traditions and (INAUDIBLE)
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"True, yeah yeah yeah. And the question is at which tea level are you? Which tea level should we focus on, and how do we get them there. That's kind of the whole thing here, and we talked a little bit about the- that it's really cool that we are in the accessory world, because then you- you can sample the good without making the full commitment. Now, buying a car is a huge deal, both money-wise, but also expression-wise. Like, are you a Volvo-guy, i don't know cause i don't know so much about it. Here. I'm a Mercedes-guy. Ehm but if you can start entering the brand through some sort of accessory value set, in a way, you can start understanding more and more of what it is about, and then you can maybe- so we are of course only focusing on the accessories, but like in- as for the brand as a whole, it's a nice entry point into the value set. It could be, at least. Then we talked a little bit about this, which was kind of a- kind of the stretch in a way, where like the comfort-zone is definitely here, that me, and my family and my friends. And then because there's a lot of duties and chores and stuff like that, there they seem to also- because they push, they want part of this, it's like my pockets of enjoyment, it's kind of personal in a way. It can also be with family that the- the- the utmost side, in this side, it's like, ""you, you're doing your stuff purely for yourself"", which they kind of verbalized a little bit, but it's kind of a little unspoken as well, it's like- and I guess that was what they were react a little bit on in the, kind of the schackles, breaking free of the schakles of family. Cause it's really strong for them, of course I think they feel it (.) somewhat, but it's not maybe something they talk about. And then you have this one on the completely other side, it's ""Me as a role model"", which is kind of somwhere here, on the top we look, ""I am doing stuff because it's important to me and I don't really care so much about what if others are doing it necessarily. A sexy commitment lives a little bit here. There could really well be that there is a circle here, ""i use my pockets of enjoyment to learn something new, experience something new"" better than ""share"" back here."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;"But I guess, all of this is about, enjoying life. The overall theme is still, ""enjoying life"", so it is also enjoying life eh"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Here.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;with friends and family and enjoying life, yeah, so it's not
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;no no no, it's not moving out of it, it's within under the umbrella, it's like what do you turn the volume onoff and onon-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;"yeah, but also just so that it's- the enjoyment is not just in ""that"" part. I mean that's just what it could look like."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Ah okay, yeah, no-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;It's like the spectre of eh
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;of enjoyment
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"yeah definitely (..) ehm yeah, then we tried to look at, okay, we have (..) okay let's say, we have a portfolio eh portfolio line here, which we examply to some examples, and those examples need different types of excecution, communication-wise and so on, and so on. And they can share a lot of the tools, communication tools and story tools and sales tools. Ehm but theres no doubt that some of them will be in the total post-modern world ""yeah we get (unclear speech) to make movie eh and then a live performance in the top of eh CHINESE CITY Tower, and other craziness, and then we have the everyday stuff, here, which is more like the basic stuff, more practical stuff, and other tools, but they all kind of follow a little bit of the same thing. Eh but the- the more important thing is that of course we want to provide ""this"", not just the, whatever that is, like,  oh yeah some sort of example of we make this cupholder or whatever, we make this ehm (.) this one is like eh a kit for example. Where do we have the kit? Night cruiser kit. So that's could it work here in ""my pocket of enjoyments"" or the wife is doing something different, she's like, eh you know, doing her pocket of enjoyment, and the kids they are went to bed, or are at the grandmothers place, then you take your beautiful car and you go out and cruise around in it, and it has some sort of kit there. We use this  purely to examplify, but of course the danger is that the organization, they don't see any of this structure, they only see this. Like of course the fear of us, talking about the domestic robot. And Tiffany and Hans writing up ""there's some sort of tea-making robot"", but ehm, yeah-"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;"Ehm, but this is almost, even more dangerous to put it, because then they will think, ""okay, so it's all about the individual, it's all about being alone, it's all about-"""
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah, yeah, yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;So we really need to be careful about which ideas we are putting in there.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"And we started a wall overhere (he starts walking to another wall) which is kind of our challenges and to-do's, going forward, going back to Europe, so what we need to do for example, we really need go home and we expand that dimension, the dimension from one to two to three maybe four, five eh in THE COMPANY and ACCESSORY DEPARTMENT. And that wasn't in the- this- I don't even think they think- oh im sorry. I don't know if they think at this, at all. They think, you know,  ""here is conquest, here is the seminar, here is like- I think- And Kenny pointed, they all kind of live over here, we just have some products. And this is where we need to move them into thinking like this. But as of right now, they don't even think of it like that."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;(INAUDIBLE)
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah, a hundred percent. What's your perception on that?
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Will;Yeah, costing, just based on what they pick up and just reacting, as opposed to (INAUDIBLE) finding out, and when looking inwards into what's (.) what is the current portfolio and ehm
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"Yeah, so we had the discussion before we came here with one of the guys in sales, who was like ""yeah we have 14 hero products"", Paul, ""14 hero products"". Okay wauw, okay let's talk. First he said ""We need a hero product"", and we said ""Yes, we  DO need a hero product"", and then he said, and then I've g- a week later ""here's our 14 hero products"", yeah one of those, ""now, those are just the products that have sold the most"""
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah (sporadic laugther)
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"""And these are the products we will focus even more on"" (..) ""And next month we have other hero products"" (..) So yeah, that- that whole thing is like ""wiiit"" (moving his hands in opposite directions). So we definitely have a huge task just communicating, like, make him understand the different work"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;And I'm not sure if they call it hero products (.) in the organisation, in it- if it was our words that he kind of just-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Maybe took
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Ah okay this is actually-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah Yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;I think he took our words, and then he just quickly made his own perception of it
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;of what it was
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;yeah yeah (.) And we have a challenge there and this is of course also why we were smart enough, you can say, to, even though we had a little time, that doing it before christmas, cause we estimated, this stuff in itself would take so much time (.) getting it in there. Ehm yes (.) and of course we want Tiffany and Hans to take ownership on this, so we need to run some workshops with them on how to run workshops ehh- expanding this material into the organisation. Ehm and us- and I would say this is why it's so dangerous to be focusing on specific examples, because it is so easy for them to take the example and use that.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;And at the same time, we kind of need to
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;examplify
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Examplify it
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Will;So that you make sure that they appreciate and understand-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;yeah yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;yeah (..) yeah, you know, this is when we can start discussing how it should work, or this is like the little marble we put into the machine (flipper machine reference) that kind of goes through the machine and the we see how it moves, but there- sometimes forget about the machine and look at the marble.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Will;Mmm.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah, so this is kind of where we (.) ended up, and eh of course the other carrier will fit into this color- color- this part of it, and one thing we could do, now just (.) thinking out loud, one thing we could do, was to try to extract some more of these.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;yeah an oppertuni- yeah I think so-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"eh opportunity areas, which is like the- the focal point, so we have now ""pocket of enjoyment"", we don't know if it's right, does it exist as an opportunity areas? Is et more a message? (..) And we have this one ""one plus one thousand"", you guys came up with some new stuff, or at least you put some names on some stuff, right?"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;some of it might overlap with what you have there
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;yeah, ehh so maybe we could start with that at least (..) to try co-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Amanda;You guys wanna ?
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah so- yeah maybe if you, eh share back what you did.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Mmm
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Mmm
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;I mean before.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Okay
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;I don't know if we should, or I think we should do it at the same time as maybe we (INAUDIBLE) there is certainly an overlap.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah (..) well (..) hopefully there will be an overlap
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;"So, I think we started like seperately trying to look through all the notes meaning through all our post-it's, and eh try to find some patterns or something that standed out from eh from all our post-it's, and then shared together what we eh found interesting or important, and eh and all the information (..) and the result is the five thing s that we have here (pointing at some of the post-it's) on the orange. We tried to dig a little bit into what the titles mean, just to align our understanding of it, and eh that's kind of it. So the first one we came up with was trust, which started out as ""trust - the local"", but we expanded it to include the tea ceremony that eh convinced you to buy your tea pot. (everyone laughs) So not only about trusting the local but also about trusting the local (..) and trusting other people."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yes (.) So eh the first part here is just like the explanation, what is in the title existing mistrust, in materials production, like traditional understanding of- or the traditional mistrust in eh how you produce things and materials that they use, and so on. And then eh it's also about- or we wanted to- wanted it to include this national pride versus eh the quality that- that you get from- from abroad.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Mmm, that mix
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Quality from abroad and national pride and the unification of those
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;"Yeah (.) And eh and we also have this ""rising together"". Actually I forgot what we meant by rising together, maybe it's not so-"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah, the progress together
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Will;Society and. So I feel proud that the rest of the country is (.)
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;"And then of course the ""tea ceremony"" how information builds trust that breeds trust that breeds more trust,"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Genuine story-telling
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah, exactly so this is kind of more how it's- how it can be done
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;This is of ourse hundred percent what happen to me, of course I'm super open to that kind of stuff, I literally pay money to get that experience-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Will;I think we want-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;All of us bought into, I think eh I could have- I want to buy a tea pot too
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah (laughs)
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;"I- I think what you said is true that it has to be ""genuine"" strory-telling, but (INAUDIBLE) about the authenticity, cause this is not just about-"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yeah, and I think of course it's not only about information, it's of course about story-telling, the integrity in it. (..) I think she didn't- I didn't feel that she taught us a lot we didn't get a lot of information but it was just like all set up. The apperance of her- you could see her passion for it, you could see that this really meant something.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;And that was- Maybe that was her thing, she didn't speak so much, she didn't say so much, but you can say every mo-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Amanda;Understated
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;It's definitely yeah understated and eh
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Just caressing this tea pot, touching it like it was her boyfriend  (everyone laughs)
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Amanda;throws in personal story
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;But I think that she was also not the main actor there, it was the tea pot, and she was just lifting up yeah- And we were a part of it, she was a part of it, so it was like, the focal point was kind of like where is it? It's more of the object- the objects, and eh
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;She was like the medium
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;She was the medium for that, yeah. (..) And I think that was- that was- that was beautiful
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Amanda;So there's a product, she's delivering the a service about the product and what you benefit is the experience
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Mmm
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;And of course I'm intending to use that tea pot, but im very much intending to tell that story.  (everyone laughs)
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah, and eh you know eh the price it cost tells something about me, and that people know that I actually were- the tea pot is not that important anymore, I was willing to pay 1,300 rd (local currency) for an experience and a story and on a meta-level, well, even telling the story that I did it, because of the story, and it becomes like crazy post-modern there, but- but still it builds some sort of eh understanding of my values.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;And yeah, therefore it- com- it can become super complex but I think there is some sort of eh thing there that I think- it's not unique for Volvo but you- Volvo can definitely use it
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yeah (..) and tap in if you feel like it's overlapping with some of yours, I was just thinking this authenticity-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"Yeah, it's a mix between ""the feeling you get"" is the feeling you get as the experience-"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;plus the authenticity.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"and authenticity to the ""source"" or to the ""bone"", not made for sure, that has to do with the generality of it."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;"Alright, and then the next one we have is this ""lifetime companion"", or it's the title, and I think we found it quite broad, includes many many different aspects, but for instance it's about personalization, that it's about you, something that understands you, follows you, and eh yeah, like a companion, and then you wrote ""three in one"", which actually be ""two in one"", ""four in one"", ""one hundred in one"", but the thing that we tried to put some things together, unified, and make it into one experience, one thing that- that- where everything seamlessly integrate, works together as a system, or like a eco eh bubble, or something. So this is of course ehm something that- that comes from the world that they live in today where services and devices are scattered and- and they don't necessarily link together or they link together and it's a mess, and- but they need to, they express that they want things to- to- to have some kind of bigger (.) thing that (.) makes it eh into one thing, that merges things together. Eh."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Is it possible to- I can- I definitely see it in the in the social sense here, the grandparents taking care of the children, while they're doing something else, they can get some food catered and the laundry is being- there's all these things that works together in a very very flawless way, and considering the 23 million people- og 25 million people live in the city, but it seems very dynamic nevertheless. It could also- that kind of the human side of it, could it also be the ehm business side of it, and of course th- again mention Apple, like they have very very integrated eco-system.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;And that's exactly what it is that- so it is the lifetime companion that it is, that you are using one product because it has the services or whatever and it- it would actually be really hard to you to choose something else because then you need to rebuild it or-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Loyalty
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah, exactly. Yeah but it's loyalty but also the trouble to actually have to kind of cancel what you have and rebuild it in another product.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;I guess you want to hopefully- I mean so it may start out as a hostage, but you want to convert that hostage into the advocate, so that it's the people who are stuck with it, that are happy to be stuck with it.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah, exactly.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Mmm Mmm
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;I- I guess we never want them to feel like a hostage
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;But that- like in our greatness we give them an exit as well, and I think that also like- I really appreciate that some sites, google also, that you can delete everything, you can export everything if you wanted to, it's made easy. If you want out, we have a way out.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yeah yeah, we should definitely tell that we don't do this to keep you here, we do this because we can see that there are tons of things that we need to organize and manage every day. And this is just like one thing that makes everything into one (INAUDIBLE) solution.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Will;It's like the Android system versus the Apple system. One is like the- sounds so confident about what I'm about and can do for you that is all or nothing. You're into iTunes, and all these flaws or nothing else. Versus Android, it's like, okay i'm confident but okay I'm not so sure in some way, so I give you options to be in and be out, and be flexible with how you play with things, so
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;"And then then next one we call ""smart living"" which is eh about this- their perception of technology-"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Oh sorry to- for a second- eh can we try to- is there a place where we can place upon? Lifetime companion.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yeah I- I'm not really sure, if there's an obvious place to put it there (referring to another board with post-it categories).
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;No, so maybe that is something
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;"Yeah, I think that- I think that's a new thing, then this next one is ""smart living"", which is about how they percieve technology, how they grew up with technology being the one that lifted the society, and- and how they put- or how they see technology as the quality of that rise, or that innovation of the society. And it- of course may push them in a situation that they were- they feel like technology is the essence of development, the essence of good quality and eh and their life quality consequently ehm. We all believe that it's gonna change, because at some point I think especially maybe Chinese people because they have this artificial versus natural kind of mindset, and- and feel that (.) embracing the natural value- or the human values are really important, then"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;To do it again, becuase it has been a lot about that before, and now it has kind of tilted a little bit over to the tech-side maybe but they need to- (.) there need to be a balance, and the thing about taking a step back and-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;And I think that most Chinese people also or maybe everybody believes that in the end, we are as humans more complicated, more advanced then machines are, so they are just imitations of how much technologe- technology can support us and at some point we will exaggerate it, and the we'll want to be humans again, we want to feel like humans again, and- and I think-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;Technology is just the tool
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;It's just the tool to- to get somewhere.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah it's eh it's like tech is the enabler, health as the enabler, everything as the enabler.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;But it's a useful tool for now, and also I think, if you talk about status symbol, it's probably the more immidiate way that people can appriciate it.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yeah (.) so I think the point is that at some point technology in itself will- will reduce its level of qualityness, or it- it won't be the same-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Will;So I think (INAUDIBLE) to be commited to the fact that at some point we didn't know how the society developed and both technology will kind of like decline topics relevance, in playing the kind of role, and you want to kind of extract yourself before technology is slowly being- or rejected in some ways, or not- not so important in the same way it is now.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;So- (.) So I think this can definitely both into the product and the storytelling around the product.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;Yes
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"And- And not as the answer, but as a part of the journey. This is what we have right now, we move along eh whatever we need to change. We started this on a little bit yesterday, it's like ""tech equals progress equals knowledge equals overview equals surplus equals status"" (referring to his post-it note)"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Amanda;Whats do you mean by overview?
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;So o- over- so yeah so you've got something (.) eh now overview is because you have knowlegde, you have an overview, understand what's out there, how things works, and to-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Amanda;Expertise
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"Yeah maybe that is the thing, eh, but that menas that you have time to do it, we have time to take a step back, so that is the ""surplus"", and then the surplus means that you, you know, you reached somewhere where you don't have to be econ-, in the rat race looking for jobs and stuff like that. And that is like your status."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;"But at some point I think you feel like ""I'm a human, I'm made to use my hands, I'm made to walk on my feet"", and when machines start to do everything I think, at some point we reach a level where you say to yourself, ""I want to use my hands, because that's what they're made for, I want to use my feet because that's what they're made for"", and I think they will reach that (..) stage at some point, soon maybe. That's what we feel- at least we feel in Scandinavia, that we want to return to the original human, we want to go out and use our hands, work the old-fashioned way, eat like we did in- in- in one hundred years ago, so."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Feel pain, feel real emotions, crying.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;You wanna- yeah that's like- so like there's thousands of thousands of people doing Iron Man or doing king of like walking this trail alone, eh and, eh and, yeah to- to get these very purifying feelings, ehm.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yes, and- and I not sure if would- if I find any overlap with yours.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Amanda;"I think this is where the culture, the company culture comes in, 'cause at the core of it, THE COMPANY is about all that, right? So it kind of examplify, ""yes, we have technology, but we still have this core traditional or primitive value. The sustainability story."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Mmm
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Mmm
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah, and THE COMPANY has done a little bit like that, I remember they had this, maybe it was a short movie, at least it was an advertisement, it was a guy who was building a bike out if (.) wood, and you can see him in this work shop, make- (INAUDIBLE)
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah. But what- it was just- it just wasn't communicated strong enough, or they were not focusing neces- they're again focusing on the tech part, almost like. You know, so, it was so smooth that you didn't see the different- like it could be anything. It wasn't connected enough back to THE COMPANY. That was one of the challenges. You always see these videos, right? the hard-working eh carpenter in his work shop. So i think they are happy thinking of it a little bit like that, but, they never have taking the big plunge out-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;But, especially not a lifestyle product, you think?
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah this was pure lifestyle of course, yeah. But if- they- It didn't feel genuine. I didn't feel- I didn't feel like-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Will;Was it like a brand level kind of communication, or?
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;I don't know where they used it
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Will;You know it's like- it's like eh (INAUDIBLE), like a carpenter (..) by the way we are whatever-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"Yeah, it was ""by the way we are"" I think, and I think this was probably used as an audio- a- a little show maybe, not that sure, maybe somewhere else."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah, I'm thinking something like that, or at a dealer, the dealer, or something on some screen running, it's not like eh the movies or-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"The slow-mo of kind of the ladle, grinding the wood, and he come early in the morning, sunrise, and he's going into his work shop, it's like, yeah, and also we're ""THE COMPANY"", THE COMPANY made this movie, which means we're having those values. Yeah"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;"Yes, and then we have something called ""Enviornment & Recycling"", and i guess it's what it is, the title says everything, and I think we felt that we needed to include it because they talked, they- they did actually mention environment a lot and when they told about environment it's of course about the- the traditional thign about materials about pollution and so on, but they also mentioned recycling quite a lot, so it was- it's represented as it's own wording in the title."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah, but it was about protecting myself and my family, so it was about tracing the things back to make sure that it was produced in a good way and so on, so that they would not be poisoned or whatever, bad food, and also then it would kind of just be a benefit, that the environment would also get better. So it wasn't really- I don't really feel they were focusing very much on the environment, because of the environment-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;A personal gain first
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah, exactly.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Will;Yeah yeah, it's like linked to three or four different strands, one will be like the authenticity thing, (INAUDILBE), we talk about environment and like this clean eco through- all the way, and then there's a bit about protection that you just mentioned, it's not just- they're doing it for it's own sake but in return you know you'll always benefit, you and your future generations, and also they're sexy compliment, and the leadership, and the role-modelling as well, so there's actually quite- four or five different strands of-
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;(INAUDIBLE)
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Could you write that down, because eh  (everyone laughs)
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;And then we also talked a lot about (.) the thing about being wasteful or not, or how they actually percieve that.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;"I guess like, (INAUDIBLE) the thing they talk about is a lot about timeline, right? So is like how- do you have a short-term, medium-term, maybe- even in China- I think in China that the short-term, medium-term is also eh- eh- shortened version of what it might be of outside for example, or different parts of China is the shortened version of what it might be, right? So, like, now people are the- last time it was purely  ""me, myself, protect my family"", I think some people have gone kind of the beyond, some people are kind of on the fringe, depending-"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;definitely the circle, like, how far do you take those circles, and for what reasons? Do you wanna know what water was used in your rice, because you're genuinely want to safe, kind of the- the area where it comes from, or basically because you want to protect yourself and your kid, yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;which is more immidiate, yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;yeah yeah, and both of them have kind of the same goal, but like, the reason is very different
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Exactly
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"I think we just need to acknowledge both and I think within our demographic, both people exist, probably more, much more, are ""I wanna have the right rice because of my kid"", but I think we have a tendency of ""I want to have good rice, because that is the right thing to do""."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;"I think- so I guess then it's important I suppose when you guys go back to- to a least clarify with your stakeholders that it's not so much of a Western way of ""doing good for the better"", right? It's maybe still a lot more (INAUDIBLE)"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Yeah for sure
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yes, and then this eh wastefulness conflict, that I think many of them express that- that it's important not to be wasteful, but they practice some very different ehm behaviors, ehm, and I guess yeah, we wrote it as a conflict between values and practice, and I don't think that it's something that we should- I'm not really sure how to- still-, but- but we can see that, they have- they do treasure the value, and they, I guess most of the people they- they grew up with learning that this is something that they need to embrace, but we see very few people actually embracing it and practicing that kind of behavior.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;So I guess they haven't reached that point right, it's like they started with very little and then you suddenly have that thing, and you know of course you wanna enjoy because it's a new thing for them, right? So it's more about that the timeline thing.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Then we have this outwards or inwards- I mean if you have guests then its okay to be wasteful, it's actually almost eh a good thing to be wasteful and show a lot of eh food and lot things to the guests, but when it's the other way, for myself, it's better to be humble and not claim to much thing, to not to have too much, eh but on the other hand they are- it seems like they are going in a direction where they are consuming more and more and more, so they need to come to a state where they feel okay having- or consuming that amount of things.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Yeah, exactly, like Yen, I mean, not that we probed into it, but- you kind of couldn't imagine him being- not being, well really thinking hard about not being wasteful, but he's just by himself. I don't know, if it's (..) but again (.) the thing about being totally extravagant or something like that when you're on your own, is also something- it's also something- a little strange, it is some kind of social show off thing.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;"We heard it the first time we went to CHINESE CITY, it was a guy who said ""I will never go to a lux-"" (INAUDIBLE), we worked really- really tried to understand what the THE COMPANY term eh ""Scandinavian luxury"" was like, (INAUDIBLE). Like, ""I will never go to a luxurious restaurant myself, but (..) I always go to a luxurious restaurant for others, when I invite others."". And I think I really- I kind of thought of that very often, because then of course you want to hold in the context of host, being a good host."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Rose;Things will be very different i think, cause like the current generation that we are talking to, are people who have experienced like the- still have a little bit, right? I had an ex-colleague  who was twentyeight maybe and he- his dad is a lawyer, and he told me that when he grew up he still lived in the alleyways with no bathroom, so that everybody had a common bathroom, and now, you know, (INAUDIBLE) completely different, right?, and twentyeight is not that old, it's like (.) our generation, so once you hit ten years from now, the people who already grew up with the bathroom in the house, they will have a completely different perception of this.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;Mmm
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;Yeah
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;And I think- yeah of course we have mentioned it many times now that, THE COMPANY that has enormous clock cycles of product, we can risk that this has completely changed the second some of these products hits the street, and ehm
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;the time that we use building a car, is the same time as a new generation raise in China.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;Which can not- and it just maybe- not a just incrementally change, but revolutionary change (..) could have. Especially like the you said, the thing about, I grew up with no toilet, you grew up with eh a robot toilet. Eh we can't- we have difficulty even relating to each other. (..) Alright.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;"Yes, and then the last one ""Product is the face""-"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;"Do you anything for the ""Environmental""  (INAUDIBLE)"
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Ewan;It's kind of- it is kind of overhere aswell, eh, yeah. And we did also in our product- they also talked quite a lot about it, right Will?, the environmental part of it, how the head quater was build, the green energy and yeah, sustaina- sustainable material in the windows of the head quarters. Yeah.
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;"Yes, and the last one ""Product is the face"", was eh cam- or it came of course from their focus on the product and everything- and everytime we try to talk about the company, that they kept reverting to the product because they felt like the product was representing the company, and it's values and everything, yeah, and what's behind it eh- and we believe that it's partly because of their rational behavior that their desire for- for functionality, that it needs to serve some kind of purpose. Ehm and then also that they have some kind of need to- to see the instant eh benefit of it, to gain some value of it directly, rather than the indirectly value you can get from asso-associating yourself with the company, then they prefer to have the direct value through the product that they use or get something out of."
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Kenny;You have something to add?
dtrs-11;19-recap-with-consultants;Abby;No.
