dataset;session;speaker;utterance
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;"So eh we have been to China in several incidents now eh to to- speed off the process (.) we are talking about dem- demographic is young, progressive, Chinese, Taiwan, city people, 20-30-35 years old, these are people who has kind of never experience China in a a demise, always in the- kinda the rising tiger China. They are rich people, they have eh tons of opportunities, good education, good international outlook, but definitely are eh Chinese, feel very much Chinese. Eh the project we do for Accessories are based on that we sell a lot of cars in China, but we have virtually zero take rates on anything else than the base product- why is that? So (.) our conclusion is that eh for the first time around is that in a product itself eh we cannot sell products just based on the product it self 'cause there a million billion other roof racks and and cup holders and stuff like that- it needs to be something else in it. One of the biggest areas that we have been focusing on due to THE COMPANY's core values and stuff like that eh is that we are focusing on what we call ""the good life"". And ""the good life"" is basically (.) everything you can do based- eh that is a above a certain level in the pyramid. Right, you don't have to find a house or find food, you can actually live a good life- enablers to a good life. So what we would like to talk to you guys now in the next 23 minutes (.) is any ideas, anything you can think of that could be a product or a service or a communication package or an event or anything that can be promoting kind of ""the good life"" (.) in a Chinese context. So for the next (.) 5 minutes we will try to just run through some of these (.) key areas that we've been focusing on. If you have some ideas eh during that time just write them down, and afterwards we will go through tem and probably build on then and so on. And quantity is totally fine, doesn't have to be quality, just start with the obvious."
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;"""good life"" yes it is about you know (.) really achieving your dreams and your aspirations and  so on. Eh one of the biggest things that we see in China is this kind of conflict, you can say many- many thing- in many ways. It's about collectivism, it's about you know being together as a society, very much Confusism and Communism mixed with the new individu- individualism. It's about me, it's about us, it's kind of very torn between that. And ""Progress  together"" is about that when you reach a certain status or money wise a certain point ,you are expected to give back to society, to at least support society in a way, it's not all about you an Rolex's and gold, and your doing stuff. You need to serve it back to society in some way or another. It's important. It is expected. And it's also a deeply a part of who Chinese people are. And the question is then ""how can we incorporate that in this stuff we do?"" we need to know this. In the west is all about being individual (.) you can see this through the Zlatan advertisement and all the other stuff that we do. In China this is seen very differently. Needs to be also beneficial for others. It's doesn't have to bee the whole country, but at least your local community needs to be a part of it. (..) another thing that we see is what we call ""conscious commitment"" which used to be called ""sexy commitment"", but as we now call it ""conscious commitment"" and it is about the duality of that you are now moving away from- you know you can buy gold, you can buy diamonds, you can buy Mercedes's and stuff like that, but everyone can start doing it now. How can they be special? (.) so they are now- many of the people we talked to, the active urbanite as we call them, they are now looking into other ways to differentiate them self and very often through a changed value set (.) so instead of actually, you know, buying up all the gold and diamonds and showcasing that, they are taking on eh values, like for example caring for the environment, eh investing in ecological food, eh supporting people far beyond their own reach, for example you know ""what about that farmer that feeds the pig that I eat? He also needs to have a good life, because I don't want him to suffer, so I can eat the pig"" it needs all the way through. ""And that (.) will then elevate me to another social state, because people recognize this"". And that's what we call ""conscious commitment"". So you take some actions in regards to your values and those actions will actually signal who you are as a person. We have the same thing with gold and Rolex, but it of course signals something else, but now - for these - that's kinda the gold and Rolex and Mercedes is kind of the parents generations way of promoting them self, the new way of doing it is doing it through (.) a more (.) sustainable value set (..) that's yeah ""conscious commitment"" so how can we create, I don't know, products or services or whatever  that can promote (.) this type of thinking."
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;"ehm this is also very much connected to what we call the ""evolving status symbols"" and it has to do with they need to be different. They want to be different. Eh and they need to find other ways of being different than their peers or their parents. Eh which one should we go- we can [maybe start this]"
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;[I think we can start with the] themes
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;yeah! Another area that we talked a lot about then is also very much connected to the good life or an enabler for the good life is health. And in China health is not like just one part of what of you. It is the fun- like fundamentally what you need to achieve anything, you can say everything balance on top of something and then- or something is health. And they do whatever they can to kind of to retrain  that and eh if you don't have it everything collapses. And of course in China it is a little weird how their approach to it, because it ve- it's spiritful in one sense and it's very practical in another sense and like superstition and everything is part of it. And health is something incorporates into every part of their life, so (.) you know (.) we are very much part of this thing in THE COMPANY and we have very little emissions from our materials and stuff like  that and it's really important for them and stuff- but how can we leverage  this even more? (..)
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;ehm yeah should we go through some of these other stuff as well?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;very quickly (.) spend two minutes
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;"the last thing or maybe the two last things I wanna go through is something that we call ""In control and self-reliant"" and that has to do with that (.) the Chinese person of course don't have the same state support system as we have so what ever they do eventually it needs to be able to - they need to be self-reliant, they cannot rely on anything else, even (.) their own children, they can't rely on them (.) so that they try to invest what ever they can so that they, when they become old, can actually kind of live (.) a great life as well and putting their children to a good school is part of that so they can earn money, so that they can you know, live a good life. And ""in control"" has to do with, they only spend time on stuff that is controllable .  A traffic jam, they can't control it so they don't, they don't get upset by it, they weather or the pollution, they can't control it, they don't think about it, but stuff that they can control for example food safety and stuff like that, they really really invest in. Eh yeah."
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;"The last one is ""endure and enjoy"" and that a- has, is connected to the ehm the notion that of course ""I'm gonna work as hard as I can for the next then years and then I'm gonna retire (.) as fifty years old"" ""it's over for me, then I can reel in the benefits"". It used to be called ""endure now, benefit later"", because it was only about enduring now and later I will reel it in, however we have changed that a little bit, maybe a little closer to what we think about in the west; where they also want to enjoy now. But it's very much that in the West we love our work, our work is a part of who we are eh and we wanna work until we're eighty. Here it's like ""no I'm enduring, I'm taking this job, I don't love it, but I get the money I need, so I can benefit later"" and so that's kinda the mainer difference, but they do of course do want small pockets of enjoyment in their life never the less."
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;so based on that (.) in the next (.) 14 minutes, 15-16 minutes, would it be possible to then talk a little bit about or maybe you can write down (.) maybe you have something already in regards to how we can elevate some of this in the relations to product or services and of course accessories in one sense or another, but accessories could be anything.
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;no problem
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;Chris do you have any questions?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;No I don't think I have any questions as such
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;it's a lot of- it's a lot of stuff to take in (..) remember that yeah these people are (..) they are very rich, they have enormous economical power, but they are extremely eh rational when it comes to their investments, impulse buying is very seldom we see in China. They are thinking to most of the things that they are buying and eh THE COMPANY has an issues when it comes to integrity and brand recognition. Yes they know the car, but maybe then don't know anything else that much. Why should they even buy from THE COMPANY? eh that's a bit challenge. SO try to think of course probably in services for sure, but it could also be communication, eh it could be event's and so on
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;sorry
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;would you like five minutes to just (..) then we can make post-its
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;(off task behavior)
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;and then ten minutes share back afterwards and then (.) it's done
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;(INAUDIBLE)
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;yes a little bit
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;Should we talk together or seperate?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;You can do as you like
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;I was thinking about communicating that thing with being green
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;yes, I am more thinking. Should this be in English?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;It doesn't matter, it's fine
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;I am thinking on storytelling only. At least to start with. And then of course I think of social behavior and on sustainability and then I think niche. What is it THE COMPANY must do to differentiate on Storytelling wise in relation to the big competitors like BMW and Mercedes. What is the story, niche? As at the same time frames this thing about being sustainable and also has a social dimension. Then I think a lot on brand, how do you strengthen the brand? What is it you want? Now I am think about what you put on of small trademarks. With this thing about child labor for example in the development of the material. Here is only used neutral material to developed this product. Then it's about branding on the materials. Partly something with child labor, if it could have a communicational effect, that you secure or communicate that you have social awareness and how you produce things from THE COMPANY's side. That's what I have been thinking for now.
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;and accessory?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;and then I am not arrived.  I am thinking a lot about how you can communicate it brand wise.
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;"and we can, not to close it, but to take it one step further. We have thought of having a sub brand with the name ""pure"" eventually and then the accessories, which will be labeled with ""pure"", they will fulfil a certain amount of criteria's like good working conditions, materials are clean and nice and not from conflict countries and extracted in a good way. So it's a lot like what you are talking about."
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;It's comepletely what I mean
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;Should we start the shareback?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;no
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;we are still discussing
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;I'm feeling kind of like my membrane is sort of half shot down, but ehm (pause)
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;I have green tires (..) as actually being physically
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;in the color green?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;"as actually being the color green, just sort of communicate that like ""this is a green car. I'm driving on eh"" because that sort of the essence of, you know this very- you know- you can have everything"
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;literally where the rubber hits the road
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;yeah exactly, this is like the green- you know like
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;driving green
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;I'm driving green and it's like very physically (.) green tires
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;yeah mmh mmh
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;and don't think it would be environment friendly to make (laughs)
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;hopefully
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;green
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;green colored tires, if we can find a story about something like that, that's connected to those eh the physically green tires, to have that sort of eh as a driver for the green lifestyle because it both kind of- it has to be like a green choice in there, but if would fulfill that you are communicating externally, also the people around you always has your driving- this is a (.) I've made a green choice, this is a green car. Maybe there is something with like a choice of engine or something like that connected to those
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;I'm also  thinking that it should be something that certain criteria's within the cars, it's something that you can - you can achieve if you actually chooses all these green things
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;that is, that you can get the
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;[exactly and then (.) the fore would be green tires]
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;[could it actually be that those green tires was actually made] by by naturally
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;recycle stuff
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;products I mean eh eh natural rubber ehm certified
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;but if we could make something like THE COMPANY EVENT but like green (.)
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;equivalent
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;equivalent exactly, because something which is like THE COMPANY EVENT is like this specific blue color, maybe we can have a like a live a very nice shared tint or green or whatever red
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;some kind of sustainability color yeah? Chris I see you have something here
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;yeah I mean we went through this with Abby and it's a lot about or almost entirely related to kind of this story telling I mean. So- so so this, I mean, this was my- kind of my first thought, that this is a communication exercise, it's about kind of a brand excises how do we (INAUDIBLE) THE COMPANY brand, how do we communicate that- that we are a sustainable brand that eh by buying a THE COMPANY PRODUCT you are a socially responsible person
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;great. Could you think about some product or services that- that is natural for that to be embodied in? Ehm yeah. 'Cause I guess something it doesn't make sense like an ashtray doesn't necessarily represent this, but it's something that could (.) naturally be like the embodiment of this
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;and we are talking accessories
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;well
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;I'm thinking something about this you know to look at especially could like a like ehm today would be like hygienically products
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;yeah?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;like lotions and creams and stuff
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;okay yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;where is this
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;personal hygiene
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;used to have this like in the fashion brands before they bade these perfumes and they are like expensive, but today (.) maybe it's more the life I'm living, but I see more premium in those kind of creams which are eh naturally, you know doesn't have lots of perfume, they are sustainable and eh there's like a user brand for men that's called like bulldog. It's like super masculine like branded, but it's like - kinda like no shit added whatever (INAUDIBLE)
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;so it's like language
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;between it
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;if we are following that line, I mean, then we could kind of like
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;clean stuff for the car
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;or maybe the color of the car actually
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;yeah but also like the physical- if you want like physical, you know wax shining stuff, interior ehm because we know that they don't-Chinese does- they don't like this fresh scent of (.) you know getting into a car
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;yeah like a new car smell
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;yeah exactly like the range of those products, which are like more (.) natural and eh
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;I understand it also follows this same kind of criteria yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;so cleaning the- the leather
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;leather exactly
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;with some kind of eh special branded wax
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;yeah yeah that tells us- that embodies that story
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;yeah because when I, that's kind of what I was thinking when I (.) heard (.) something which is applied today in other products eh ehm
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;"other areas you think about now? Of course you mentioned e- I think it's a good- was it the good way you got to it, like ""okay what do I put on my skin and what do I put on the car's skin"" and of course it's the same thing. Other areas?"
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;how do you treat that and 'cause I mean, you wanted to live longer and eh ehm (.) other areas which are like (.) would be (..)
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;if we think eh life stages. First yeah child, then you are a teenager, then you are an, kind of a young professional (.) is there any special products or services you need in different life stages?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;like you are ramping into a life stage. You are ramping out of a life stage. Like you are used to be a full time father. Now you are probably (.) not so much anymore
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;then I'm ramping up another lifestyle
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;yeah yeah! You are having a transition. You are also in a transition.
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;yeah yeah (.) I could with some sleep
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;(INAUDIBLE) I'll take that. That would be nice, that would be green for me or something like that
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;yeah yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;eh
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;what I think is that we are kind of addressing the- the- the having a baby lifestyle ,but we are actually- but we are obviously not capable of selling it through, because we are having some of the worlds best, I mean eh children seats and all kind of accessories for having a baby in the car, and it's very safe and for some reason we are not eh capable of selling it
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;yeah yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;why not ? So we are kind of addressing that part- I mean that life stage
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;definitely
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;we are definitely and this comes back to what you said about the br- it's a brand level. It does- id's nothing wrong with the product, but it's on a brand level eh we need to address this
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;any other life stages that could be interesting to look at?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;I mean we- we are still in the 20-30 years
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;yeah that's yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;yes all
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;and you can probably go up to to 49 or 50
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;yeah mmh mmh
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;20 to 50
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;but you can also think outside the user or the customers circles of eh I mean it could be his children, it could be his parents, it could be his friends or. It doesn't need to cater for the person itself.
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;no
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;but for the users of the car (.) it could be an active urbanite eh transporting his parents or his kids (INAUDIBLE) (pause)
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;do these- do they have like outdoor lifestyles or? Eh
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;or is that part of eh
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;they- they aspire to it
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;eh if they have a lot of time to it, or if they do it in  the same way we do it, probably not.
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;no
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;but they do aspire to it definitely
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;in CHINA we heard that- a lot of people talking about going hiking in the mountains
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;popular in Asia in general
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;could be so- eh I mean  there is a lot of like folding seats, we had XXX made his own bike and sleep in the car, I mean it would build a story to go out in the outdoors you know, just fold the seats, you don't need to bring a tent, because we supply, you know, the car is your tent and here's your, sleeping
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;in car coffin
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;in car sleeping bag like here for one or two and maybe it's like a user trade for eh you know just for some very essential stuff, for just one to two nights get-away weekends stuff eh ehm experience
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;is the kind of the target segment very kind of eh into kind of eh outdoor activities or?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;eh I think they are inspired (.) remember these are living in big ass cities so accessibility is lower but the aspiration is definitely there
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;I think it depends very much on where they live, I mean, the opportunities are different. If you live in Beijing I think it's easier for you to go somewhere than if you live in Shanghai. Or if you live in Shenzhen you have it just around the corner.
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;yeah but maybe then if you look at sleeping in the car, then I mean tha- I would say that's something which speaks towards sleeping in the car, because otherwise, I mean they puts- if you need a tent, eh like a campsite to put up your tent it's specific requirements to that, then I mean then you need to book advance if you want to have a tent, like a place to put your tent, but it's like the freedom (.) of just parking your car and just stay where- stay in the car and eh I think
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;so it's kind of an extension of the- kind of the living room metaphor more than the the the camping or the camper?
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;I mean it has to be sort of- I would say yeah (. )it should be eh I would not see it as like eh it's more like eh one to two nights eh get away experience, not like driving a car, backpacking driver across Europe like dodge bag lifestyle.
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;but it would be for the weekend trip when you go visit your family which is like eh 500 kilometers away from where you work
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;"and I guess it's also connected to that I have enough money in the best hotels in the world, but this is a statement right; ""that's not me, I wanna be closer to what really matters"" which is nature and stuff like that. Again working on brand level."
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;"or ""I want to be able to, I don't want to rely on  these hotels, I just want to (..) rely on myself and I have my own stuff here and I can actually eh live without"""
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;or when we talk about these transitions then eh at some point you are not a parent or you don't need to take care of your children anymore, you go to the bars and then you get drunk and then you don't need to drive home
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;exactly you sleep in the car
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;I consider that many times (laughs)
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;you also have these, I mean, you could sleep in the car, but you also have these like (.) you open the trunk and you connects (.) like the extension of the car which is sort of your attempt (risk?) tunnel which goes into the car. But it's still, it's a bit more complex I would say approach and eh ehm maybe like more family oriented and eh it's a bigger process to put something like that up, it's not as spontain as just eh
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;and it takes some more space on the outside of the car as well
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;it takes a lot
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Abby;exactly
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;but maybe this sleeping kind of theme is not stupid, I mean, you you see people in China sleeping everywhere and (laughs) yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Ewan;that's true
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;yeah
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Chris;sleeping in the train, sleeping everywhere, I mean, could on public benches, I mean
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Joe;"so we have, I mean you could eh; as an accessory also in regards to that, if you want to- there are if you mount, especially on the eh rear view windows like (air electrocromatic?) foils and stuff like that. I think you could do them eh sort of where there no electricity there, okay it can we- or vise versa, so you like shield from eh people looking into the car"
dtrs-11;21-brainstorm-on-concepts-and-products-2;Kenny;and sleeping actually goes in on the the theme health, as they- they see it as a a natural need- You need to do it when you are tiered.
