dataset;session;speaker;utterance
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Let's look at the slides now and you can just take me through them. And tell me about them.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Yeah. So maybe the question in advance would be to ask ehm (..) this project that we are doing, which is a collaboration us here in the Scandinavia User Involvement department and Accessories department, which is the accessory business unit, (..) ehm is based on a project we did earlier, so Phase I.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;I will get back to Phase I, so just start with [the brief here]
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;[Phase II]   yeah so (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;so this is a project that is call- named Phase II and it is a development project based on Phase I which I will get back to. This project will be running from October 2015 to March 2016 and it will be a (.) collaboration between two departments in Scandinavia  and China- our China office. (..) Our China office is in a Chinese city .
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;So the project is- is basically aggregated from all the learnings we had from Phase I. From those learnings, which of course is a lot, we have made some opportunity areas. And from those oppoturnity aread and the other insights, we have as of right now a design challenge or a (home might?) sentence which is a tool that we use a lot to push stuff forward and currently that is (reads aloud from page 2 in the slides) “How might we evoke and capture the attention of the Active Urbanite so that we secure their emotional engagement and establish long-term THE COMPANY brandproductservice commitments?” and we can come into what is an Active Urbanite later, but that is basiccaly our demographic.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;yes
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;That is the postmodern young Chinese city dweller tier one person that has more or less never seen China in decline. They’re always seen China as the land of opportunities.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;okay
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;and ehm throughout 2015 and ehm 16 – the start of 16 we will explore and develop and co-create the concept package – is what we’re calling it (..) for the accessory business unit ehm for them to then ehm get and (.) try to puch this further into the system. And by a concept package we basically mean (..) ALL kind of what you need to (.) to make a a product or a service work. So that is the  product itself (.) ehm the communication needed and the business part. The business stream of it.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;alright
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;We would probably never go as far as to implementing this or self  if that happen that would be amazing but we will do all the research and all the ehm necessary kind of blueprinting steps (knock finger in table) to make it happen. And this mostly due to time and money we can’t do the hole thing. (..) and we down in Scandinavia are leading the project ehm and I’m the project lead for the project even though we run a very kind of flat hieraky. We have this Scandinavian team which is also in the kind of the inner group of p- of who’s running it and then we have several stakeholders across the board both in a city in Scandinavia and in China that will be informed and looped in as we go. (..) So the project has several stages and several streams. But to eh to highlight the most important milestones and the two most important streams ehm (.) we- we can have a look at it in this more graphical image (talk on the basis of page 3 in slides).
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;So the two streams. You have the top stream. Which is the concept package stream that is driven by us and supported by the Accessories department unit. It has seven milestones. We also have a secondary stream, which is equally important ehm which is the innstyrings stream (Scandinavian word used on slide) which is the infusion stream. How do we get our concept package infused into the machinery. Which is the organization. And that is something that I really really important and typically forgotten! Because then you – you know you do your research, you do your development and then you have this packet and you give it to the you know the BLOB that is the machine that is s- suppose to make something out of it and you know no one is there, everyone is busy. (.) And eh the stakeholders are unaware and so on. So that’s why we’re starting the infusion stream “innstyringsstream” (.) as soon as possible even though is going to be a little bit difficult at the beginning because we don’t know WHAT we’re gonna make and how it’s gonna look, but that will continue on. That’s what you see in the bottom of the screen here (points at bottom of slide on page 4). (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;So! For us in the concept package stream we have now entered the scope and plan phase. We’re actually almost finished with that phase. Eh so that is one. That’s where we really handshake what we’re gonna do with our primary stakeholders and and you know where we’re gonna go! what method we’re gonna use and so on (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Then you have Phase 2, which is the stakeholder involvement phase of the project and that’s where we reach out to several stakeholders both primary and secondary stakeholders. And (.) in project like this it is a little difficult again to reach out to the the the right ones, because we don’t know hundred percent where we’re gonna land, so we’re gonna do ‘em kinda broad short gun shot right now eh but we have some people that we know will support us and it’s also about (.) the personalities of different kinda key people in the organization which are mmm you know believers of what we do and what methods we use and so on. And of course this is a very POLITICAL thing as well, because most of the people in our organization in THE COMPANY are engineers and they don’t necessarily subscribe to the methods and the thinking that we do. However there are many that does! and we want them on board and then can you know maybe tell their friends again and their colleagues again about it. So it’s about also pushing the the message.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;We will in a concrete or in a more practical way we would definitely run several workshops in that phase, in Phase 2. Where we are including them and for them to get ownership and a possibility to to to somewhat shape (.) eh what we’re gonna do in the rest of the project. (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Then we go in to Phase 3. Which is the concept and the field prep. This is where we start looking at okay what DO we want out of it? is it tangible? Is it eh is it a service? Is it eh more on the strategic side? Can we do much more- can we make- actual prototype and so on? And also the preparation for the field. So we of course are using a- most of the tools we are using are from the design eh methodology, design thinking field (.) and eh that’s why the eh the eh user centered approach is really important for us. Both in the research phase but also in this phase. Which is development!
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;So we  can do that in different ways, so in ehm Phase 4 we’re gonna  go in to the field. Go to a Chinese city  in China, be there for about three weeks, and we’re gonna run this time around co-creation sessions. And the reasons why is shows some co-creations instead of just you know pure research or pure eh validation of concept, is that we basically do BOTH at the same time. We need to develop and validate in the same go, because of the time constraint we have on this project. (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;So we will then in Phase 2 prepare all the tools and MAYBE have an understanding of maybe something we want to do, but of course the reason with co-creat- we use co-creation is for the users also to be part of it. so we CAN’T be to galvanized into something. But it is mainly to prepare the tools. And prepare the days.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Then we are coming to the in-field concept and co-creation, which is Phase 4 eh and we will go to a Chinese city , we will then NOT as we normally do- go- we- we would typically go and embed ourselves in a very ETNOgraphic way with  the users for (.) for e hours or days even! Now we will rent a venue and ehm and we will have a centralized point where we conduct co-creation workshops.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;alright
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;And eh when that is done (..) of course we have two co-creation workshops planned as of right now maybe (.) maybe four in total, but two DAYS and maybe we’ll run parallel workshops those days (.) eh we will then have days both before and after each workshop, where we can iterate and analyze and so on and it will- all the field phase will end with a three day long ehm analysis and refinement workshop with all the stakeholders there, so when we come back in to Phase 5, the concept refinement, we basically have something both in the realm of eh product ehm sales and communication (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Then we’re gonna refine this also with our stakeholders to make sure it makes sense. We’re gonna go into Phase 6, which is concept package assembly. This is where it’s starting to get REALLY important that these eh the bottom stream here, the innstyrings stream, is really getting up to speed. ‘cause now is the end where we’re kind of (.) you know shaping it to be able to fit in to the organization (.) When the assembly is done when we’re gonna have the hand over, Phase 7 concept package handover and this is where we are making sure that everything is in place for the handover stream or the innstyrings stream, infusion stream ehm and that they are prepared to take the package and then we will be disconnected then (.) after stage number seven and then e another team will carry it in to industrialization and execution.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;alright.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;And that is the general flow (.) on from a high level at least.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Yes.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Yeah. (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;So if we look at the next slide (shifts to page 4 in the slides). That is more into who’s involved. And this is again early days when it comes to involvement, ‘cause we don’t necessarily know hundred percent (.) what we’re gonna make so if it’s something you know within services, it is a another part of the organization.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Oh yeah.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;If it is something we’re tangible interior wise it’s another part of the organization. (.) so this is very preliminary right now, but we have divided it into three bubbles or kinda squares where you have the center, which us at User Involvement department and Accessories department, we are the execution bubble, so the project leads (..) then you have bubble number two which is the participation bubble. That is the primary stakeholders, that is PD2 and PD2 is our eh production and development eh facility, or THE facility in China (..) and also we have M and S, which is the Sales and Marketing. We believe that those two FOR SURE has to be an important part. (.) then you have bubble number three, which is the information bubble, which is the secondary stakeholders (.) that is our own R&D, eh it’s ahm a department called Special Products (..) and there is also eh PS and VLM, which is the product planning departments. That’s the people that create products. But mostly mm based on cars and maybe I forgot to say that. But we’re doing this in the realm of the accessory unit.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Yes
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Which is not the base product, which is the cars. This is everything that comes outside of the car and it’s important to understand that the car projects are (.) very very HUGE and they are very very kinda of heavy to dance with. It is amazing to be a part of it, but they are not as agile as as the- you could be. That’s why the accessory unit makes sense to work with, because they are kinda little bit disconnected, but but we can pilot different things (..) eh much faster. (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;On the left side. Eh next to the bubbles, you will see a a stakeholder work intensity over time chart and then you can see where the different stakeholders are needed. And it is not like a continued need for them, they will come in spikes and of course we, which is the dark blue (refers to the figure in the left corner on page 5 in the slides) we will be engaged hundred percent of the time. We have Accessories department which will be about 20-30 percent of the time come in spikes in the field and in spikes when we have different workshops (.) and then you have the two stakeholder groups which also will be smaller spikes. (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;So when we come to the delivery (moves on to talk about the last slide on page 5). (.) ehm again this is a very eh extremely high level version of what we think we want to deliver, but at the core it- in the light blue background we would like to probably focus on two different things. So one being a region relevant reimagined product  prototype  and this is where we think let’s take something we have in our portfolio from before (.) reamb it (reassemble it) and make it in to a regional relevant thing. (.) and that could be something that is for example a- could be something very tangible like eh a roof box or mmm a cup holder or most likely we’ll do something with in health and something in within safety which is- that is the core of what THE COMPANY is.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Yes.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;And eh we also would like to make something we call a new connected offering Prototype and that should be something like a service or something that is intangible but connected to the physical product. (.) but with these two things we wAbbysafe it with one thing, so it isa tangible thing that we know we’re selling, but we’re gonna reamb it and then more go out in a limp with the service offering and it is more difficult and es-specially in China, they DON’T have the same you know understanding and need when it comes to access-ship versus ownership and so on.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;If we go- move into the ehm second box, which is the kind of engulfing the the first one you – we need to wrap this in to a region relevant story and we will also have a heavy heavy investment into how we can make that happen (.) and together with that of course we need to reamb the sales channels so now most of the stuff is sold to dealerships, but in a very bad way we- it doesn’t make sense and then of course eh telling the right story that will support on this. (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;In the third box (.) the the green box ehm wrapping around all of those two other things eh is the pilot strategy and the road map and the plan for how to execute this (..) and all of these things together would be then in our concept package (.) again we’re not gonna make it implementation ready, we’re not gonna ma- go to external suppliers and handshake the agreements with them, but we will make the plan as far as we can (.) eh for the the eh handover to happen in a good way (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;In the dotted line around the ehm the deliveries you will see we have something called a collaboration bridge and this is something that is extremely important. And by this we mean that out of this there will be a soft delivery around our ability to collaborate with different units within the organization and in an organization like THE COMPANY and, this is nothing special for THE COMPANY this goes for most big organizations even small ones, but we have challenges in eh in reaching out of our own little silo, our own little world into other departments and we would like to really make sure that we have a eh a way of doing it, a way of breaking down the silos and collaborating with the people we need to collaborate with, since as we are doing a project that reaches into both storytelling, so communication and sales and products, and not even in our own region of the world. So this is co- collaboration bridge between different part of the EU organization, but mostly fo- between EU and China.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;alright.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;And that’s it.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Super. If we go back to the project definition, it was very specific. You told me a bit about it, you highlighted some worlds as well. Could you just go around it a bit more?
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Yeah, for sure. (..) So our strategy that is eh is aggregated from our Phase I is that we went to China, we did a lot of research eh we had a deep ethnographic embedded experience with a fourteen Chinese Active Urbanites (.) that was screened in a a careful way and what we saw was that it is not product alone that is our issue, portfolio alone, i- eh it it is clearly several things as well (..) so what we wanna do her is that we wanna have this unified approach between the three different streams tha as we- I talked about before. So portfolio ehm sales and (.) the story. And the plan is then yeah to be piloting here in Phase II a MERGER of product, story and sales ehm e innovation into a interconnected development bundle as you call it. ehm and it should be fueled be learning of the Phase I report and it should be multi ehm oh sorry cross functional collaboration so with the different stakeholders it’s essential. We can’t run this alone. We NEED to have other people with us and they are currently unaware that this is going to happen (..) and you know in market co-creation with our core users, which is of course where we really (.) feel that we can shine when it comes to user integration. So as I write here our primary delivery goal is to assemble this concept package that will outline and exemplify how a regional relevant holistic approach will increase the take rates and brand penetration in China (reads aloud from text on slide page 5) (.)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;alright
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;And you can say then. This is what (.) why we started this project and why we were asked to do this project ehm from the (get go?) from phase I, because we do sell cars in China, but we d- have really lot take rates when it comes to anything else. Why is that? And this is what we believe is the reason.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Right. Because I have a question here like, Would you see this as design or marketing?
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;No. This is design. Hundred percent.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Okay.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Oh yeah yeah. There isn’t a- marketing is a part of it, but then again that would be a totally wrong approach to take to it, but yeah we we need to to utilize you know marketing skills, need to utilize design skills and engineering skills and everything. It goes in to one holistic approach.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;[ exactly]
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;[But I would be very ] sad if people would call it marketing. Hehehehe you know
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Good to hear. (..) We’re going to follow Phase II as you know and you already went kind of htrough how the next Phase will look. What kind of data do you imagine we will be collecting just the next two months, if you can [just brief go through that?]
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;[Yeah,  in the,  in the next  ] in the next two months we will ehm be eh able to showcase to you planning, so the very practical planning that we are going into now. But also hehe you can say s political you know massaging enagements with stakeholders and our planning mm on how to do that. Eh and you would be able to see the ehm the creative part and the development of the tools we will use in the field and eh the begging of the  what should I say, framework of of the product and services ehm and storytelling and sales channels, ideations we will have. (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;So it will be all the way from very practical to very kinda creative eh. Actual design eh approaches (.)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Perfect. So we’ve actually been around most of the things, just back to the background. Let’s talk a little bit about that. You mentioned something about THE COMPANY as an organization as well. How about this unit User Involvement department? Just a little bit about where it’s placed, what sort of relation do you have to THE COMPANY and is there other units you collaborate with? Just very short on that.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Yeah yeah so User Involvement department was a initiative that came from the mm very top of THE COMPANY ehm mixed with ehm with some opportunistic people here in Scandinavia and eh in short it was created about four years ago now I would say and ehm (.) I- as I had the story told, it was THE COMPANY how wanted to recruit people to come to the a city in Scandinavia office that had skills within UX (.) Multinational telecommunications company was closing down, there were lot of talent down here, they came down here to eh an event and there was then some people here, that now works here and was part of kick starting this, when they started to talk THE COMPANY and these ex-Multinational telecommunications company people no one wanted to move up to a city in Scandinavia, so  then the idea was okay let’s make a site in Scandinavia.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;alright.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;And the site was then established (.) most of the people working here are ex-Nokia people. Only four including myself are external people that has nothing to do with Multinational telecommunications company (..) and eh the site here has been- been through different stages as well of right now we are fairly disconnected from each other in the office, but we are still under the name UXCC User Experience Competence Centre, which is XXX(..) but as of right now we, in our little group, are working VERY much like external consultants for the rest of the organisazion (.) we have other satellite sites as well. One in California, which is maybe the biggest and we have the one in Eurpoe, which I believe is in Barcelona. however the one in in California is eh a site that we sometimes collaborate with, but then we do different stuff and we don’t have day-to-day contact with them.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Okay.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;However the people we collaborate with is the people in a city in Scandinavia, in the main office. That’s where mm all our work goes and this is also where we have our primary stakeholders.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;alright. We already talked a little bit about Phase I ehm anything more [that you] could
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;[yeah, yeah]
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;[just add] up to that?
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;[yeah, yeah] yeah
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Not to take too much of your time.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;No no no it’s no problem SO you can say that ehm this was initated by- this project was initiated by I don’t know if you can call it random? But I was a meeting between the eh Accessories department director and at the time our manager ehm ehh Nate. They met eh and they discussed diff-  they discussed different approaches to how to collaborate (..) and the Phase I of the design project was then initiated (.) they wanted – they thought- they said you know we have low take rates in China, we need to do something with it. then they believed and WE believed that this was product related however it turned out that it wasn’t and this is now why we are at where we are. I think they were really hoping just to get product ideas (.) ehm so when we set out to to do the research we said, we probably won’t have time to look at (..) to develop products for you, but we will- maybe home in on some areas where you can develop products and they were happy with that. So we did Phase I and then coming back from then we saw – okay we- we can basically make the best products in the world, but they won’t sell because we have MAJOR issues in other areas as well. So we then eh talked to them ans said, you know mm are you ready to kinda hold this yourself after Phase I? are you- can- can you implement it? and they said, No we probably need to do another collaboration round, and we were very happy for that. (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;alright. So Phase I was purely research?
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Phase I was PURE research. It was ehm it was- even though they hoped that they could get product development, it was- we said NO, we can deliver opportunity areas and a deep understanding of our Chinese users, and that was what we did.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Okay. Back to the team, maybe.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;yeah yeah
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;just shortly. (..) Let’s just talk about the members of the team. You can aslo tell me- you told me very little, but give me your background and
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;yeah
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;and just the composition of the team
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;So I am a- my name is Ewan, I’m originally Norweigan (.) eh I have a background in design and- very like the CLASSIC design, so designing of you know graphic design, motion graphic design, partly industrial design ehm BUT have for the last seven eight years now, maybe nine years even, been focusing much more on the design process and (.) even though I do a lot of actual development of physical design and the target ehm has typically been to (.) you know spread the message or teach someone about design methodology (..) so after ehm after I moved from one Scandinavian country, I did a bachelor degree in classic design here in another Scandinavian country, then I moved to Japan and I have a degree in visual communication (.) from Japan. And then I moved back to Scandinavia and I have another degree- master’s degree eh in interaction design from School of Interaction Design (..) THEN I eh was hired by a consultant company in North America and I worked there for three years doing consultancy work and that was kinda of where it really kick started , where I kinda moved from doing classic designing to doing ehm you know design thinking eh as a product. You know getting big companies, medium to big companies to work in a specific way. Of course we were always making a product or a service, but it was the main delivery – teach us how to be user centered, teach us how to use ehm design thinking in our everyday life.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;I then kind of had (..) serious eh issues with eh living in the US especially you know coming from a a Scandinavian background (.) I felt “no I need to get out of the US” so I quit my job and wa- where planned to go back to ASIA, where I lived before eh stopped by Scandinavia n- but in that time I was acquired by THE COMPANY and I was thinking I just gonna be here from a couple of months and that’s three years ago!
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Okay!
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;so now I’m still here!
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;alright.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;ehm and I have two other people on my team and that is eh Kenny a- he is from the Multinational telecommunications company and I guess he would call himself an engineer or software engineer
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;yes?
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;And ehm so he is kinda covering that part of it, the more technical part of it, even though he has amazing skills of course within design methodology as well ehm then we have Abby eh she is also from the same Multinational telecommunications company and she maybe closer to me when it comes to what we so and – so she is and interaction designer (.) ehm slash concept developer (.) and that was what she been doing in in ehm in Multinational telecommunications company and has probably been doing the last three years  as well and TOGETHER we have a pretty OKAY kinda ehm multidisciplinary ehm (..) edge.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;We have an extended team, so we have two people in another place in Scandinavia also working in our team. And that is Tiffany and Hans and they are representing the eh Accessories department site of it and eh- so they are in a management position (.) eh and they are on their day to day basis you know making (.) more DESCICIONS and strategies around how we sell (.) what products we use.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;alright. Was it the same team that worked on Phase I?
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Yeah. So the same core team worked there it- it has to me said that we have several eh suppliers that s- support us specially when we do work in countries where we can’t understand the language, and also have more difficult to understanding the culture. So we have eh really specific hand-picked ehm support people, but they are from outside the organization.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;Okay
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;However it should be said that we are running it hundred percent from our site here and we are then hiring suppliers to support us, not to drive it.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;We are running a bit over time. Do you have a couple of minutes?
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;yeah yeah.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;The final steps of the project. We have already been through it a little bit.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;mh hm!
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;the delivery process (..) what kind of data will we NOT be probably collecting with you, but- ?
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;yeah yeah. So I would imagine that if your cut off is around.. before Christmas?
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;yes.(.) probably.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;yeah! Then you will NOT be able to see the concept refinement and the where the conc- the kind of the what should I say? The pure desirability part (.) of the project, if you would think of it in kind of the key (ly?) factor with desirability, feasibility and viability (.) you would be a big part of desirability ehm uncovering, where after Christmas we will look much more in to feasibility and viability as well, so you would miss that part and you will also miss the part where we are infusing it, or working for the the kinda the organizational infusion. So all kinda, the stakeholder (.) management we need to do and the different changes we need to do – writing, I wouldn’t say boring things, but writing  the stuff down that  organization needs to know to how to- to handle this package when it comes in.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;alright. Well thanks for that. Did I miss anything? Do you want to add something?
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;hmm mmm ehm no I think it’s more or less clear. I (.) I of course hope that you are able to to capture a lot of the stuff we are doing, since, you know this is – this process is very liquid? And of course you’re gonna be here for many of the days, but for sure stuff is suddenly happing and it is a little bit because WE are working in a kind of a liquid way. We have a really solid process, but this I, this process is eh (.) an important- like the process itself is an important part of the- our delivery and you can say we- maybe I didn’t mention that in the beginning, but you can say that our as- in User Involvement department one of our main tasks is actually to work as change agents for the organization (.)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;yeah
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;which actually you know we have a high air goal in what we are doing, it’s not ONLY about using the best methods for the projects that we are doing individually, but it’s also to (..) to showcase a whole mindset or way of thinking to the organization.(..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;ehm so- and this is why of course we are very opportunistic  when it comes to pulling new stakeholders in and even pushing other stakeholders out! We need to be very much in the center of where it happens and this (.) this is more difficult to control, especially at a satellite office ‘cause you are always getting (.) news delayed you know you always getting a one or two days delay, so suddenly stuff happens, suddenly we need to GO up to a city in Scandinavia, som- suddenly meetings are cancelled and if you do other stuff (..)
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;So despite of that I hope that you’re able to capture as much as possible
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Interviewer;We probably will.
dtrs-11;01-background-interview;Ewan;Yeah.
